Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
And
Timothy Sackton: OK, so
Timothy Sackton: We begin tonight out the sun is setting over ravens
Timothy Sackton: You earlier this afternoon, like five sessions ago you left your horses in gear in the narrow River Valley and made your way by secret passages and waiting rivers through the mountains to the abandoned Durban outpost.
Timothy Sackton: Near that done, Mary stronghold of ravens holes there after encountering in a car and her wild or the identified Kim.
Timothy Sackton: And obtaining safe passage and stand for some combat.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: found your way to the brown envelope vault where resin recovered her long thought Emerald shield different clan and chatted to preserve the stories of her
Timothy Sackton: Her family's history.
Timothy Sackton: leaving the door open stronghold via an underground passage seemingly constructed after the doors had abandoned their outpost as neither man nor her uncle who drew the map had any indication that existed.
Timothy Sackton: Or sorry,
Timothy Sackton: You itself emerging in a series of storms carved into a cliff law, one of which seemed to have been used as a prison or torture chamber execution chamber.
Timothy Sackton: By hop goblins, presumably, at some point, but after the Denmark. He had built the stronghold when they had captured it and occupied at perhaps during their awards with the done Marty and the blood years
Timothy Sackton: After defeating some seemingly recently reanimated undead hobgoblin corpses.
Timothy Sackton: Some careful scouting revealed signs of no occupation.
Timothy Sackton: Along with a large number of wild beasts being kept for some unknown purpose.
Timothy Sackton: You then found an unguarded passage to the two guard towers of the inner keep were in one of these towers, you encountered in free to prisoner. VIOLA.
Timothy Sackton: Viola for a number of children who is being guarded by an orc and to shape shifting Jacqueline, where's seemingly the servants of some entity that she referred to as a gotta dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's dusk.
Timothy Sackton: Red Light of the sunset is streaming through the narrow windows of the North Tower, where you have come to catch your breath and what seems to be the ruined and decaying remains of a study or council chamber of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: Outside, you can hear the house of beasts hyenas lions jackals wild dogs in the distance, fading and then growing stronger as something stars them up and then fading again.
Timothy Sackton: From the outer courtyard beyond the towers. The stench of rotting sulphurous flash and a faint tinge of ash in your mouth rises.
Timothy Sackton: The inner courtyard on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: A flicker of firelight cleans from the windows on the open door of the main keep
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: Kind of come in bar the door.
Timothy Sackton: Begin to clear some space to sit and catch your breath.
Timothy Sackton: Bullet turns to you and says,
Timothy Sackton: I could really use a real meal, to be honest, it's not like those bloody creatures fed me much.
Timothy Sackton: And then perhaps we can make a place to get the fuck out of this damn place.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you think you have some food.
Mike Sackton: Sure, some Russians.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Sir,
Timothy Sackton: Not the best I've had, but
Timothy Sackton: Better than whatever swell that arc. What's feeding me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else can you tell us about what's going on here.
Timothy Sackton: Here, specifically. Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Can't say I've been able to see much locked up in a tower.
Timothy Sackton: It was maybe 10 days ago I got here.
Timothy Sackton: Those
Timothy Sackton: Careless error those creatures surprise me and
Timothy Sackton: Seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Quite difficult to hurt.
Anyway,
Timothy Sackton: Please, they didn't kill me.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe two days after I got here.
Timothy Sackton: Those animals, the ones howling out the window started showing up.
Timothy Sackton: They've been getting louder and meaner
Timothy Sackton: Other than that, it's just sounds and yeah dreams.
Timothy Sackton: horrible nightmares seem to curse this place.
Timothy Sackton: Been several days since I had a good night's sleep.
Mike Sackton: Otherwise, I
Timothy Sackton: Can't tell you much.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can tell me something, what's happening out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no good news anywhere. I don't think at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pull out a
Eric Rosenbaum: Small notebook where I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Keeping
Eric Rosenbaum: Open questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bola you said you've been here for about two weeks now.
Timothy Sackton: And days, I think.
Timothy Sackton: 10 days I lost a day in there too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and you said your, your, with your with the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the with the society, the open scroll right
That's correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you looking for out here.
Timothy Sackton: Knowledge. What are you looking for out here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: My notebook.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a lot of open questions.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: You can say that again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why the questions. Well, I'm just adding one here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About
Eric Rosenbaum: Some animals that we've seen south of here, attacking
Eric Rosenbaum: They are
Eric Rosenbaum: Not magical creatures mostly they're just things that would live in the desert down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But just terribly altered in a bloodthirsty way attacking people. So I'm wondering if there's a connection to the ones being kept here.
Timothy Sackton: Kirby.
Timothy Sackton: hadn't heard of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey meta game question. We're now in the tower.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, and this we feel safe here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Right when you first pass through here, it was, it seemed like it had been undisturbed for years.
Timothy Sackton: Right. And as far as you could throw the there was a door.
Timothy Sackton: So there was a entry way to the north. So there's a north tower and the south tower Volvo was in the south tower.
Timothy Sackton: You are now in the North Tower. There's a gate and there is a passage that goes across the top of the gate. The door into the
Timothy Sackton: Tower, you're in now was barred from the inside when you entered
Timothy Sackton: And didn't seem to have been broken down or anything. So, presumably, no one had come in. The only other way in would have been through the tunnels and last, there's a way up from the first floor which you still haven't been down to
Timothy Sackton: You're on the third floor. Now there's stairs down to the second floor and then potentially stairs down from there as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should be careful about sound and light presumably
Mike Sackton: Yeah, one more meta game question wake at a super high level. I'm still trying to remember why we thought coming here was such a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was super important. I'm sure
Mike Sackton: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were, we were we were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tracking the noles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, because we were like, Where the fuck are these like weird creatures coming from
Mike Sackton: But was it
Mike Sackton: Was it only to find out where they're coming from, like,
David Schwartz: Just, just stop it if we could, but we also knew from the other Heflin who'd been infected by the plant thing when he tried to look inside ravens hold to think the idea was, like, we know that these messed up creatures are coming from somewhere. And so we'll go and try and figure it out.
Mike Sackton: For stab at the messed up hassling
Mike Sackton: We should okay right so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This basically there's like like this is like a reconnaissance. I thought
Mike Sackton: Mostly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's like there's some kind of corruption happening that we think is coming from ravens whole maybe. And so we're here to investigate and see, like, why the fuck all this weird is happening and what sorts of it is
Eric Rosenbaum: And we met those centers. They told us about the tether to the bad place. There's some relation to the infinite electrical storm, but we don't know how that's connected if at all to what's happening here.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they didn't specifically say it was connected to the electrical storm. They said,
Timothy Sackton: Oh, um, there was, they told you about the fact that
Timothy Sackton: You know beliefs can create deities and there was a
Timothy Sackton: Another plane, called the best that was had been birthed from
Timothy Sackton: Visions of how basically and that there was some connection between that place the abyss and something that was poisoning the water, which seemed to be coming from ravens hold but
Mike Sackton: Whether
Timothy Sackton: There was a connection to the electrical storm or just ravens hold or both or white was not entirely clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we still have stuff to learn your
Resume so
Mike Sackton: Yes. Okay. And I
David Schwartz: Said the Tower itself. So the key.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's, let's, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's ask about a gotta dust mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait, wait. What is it gotta dust mother again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah so bullet told you last session. And then again, now that the
Timothy Sackton: The creatures that had captured her
Timothy Sackton: Mentioned worked worked for or mentioned or wanting to get information for or doing something for this creature unclear what or who she was exactly but they refer to her as a gotta dust mother.
Mike Sackton: And one of their just to try and remember what we we scouted last session.
Mike Sackton: How much me. I mean remember all the
Mike Sackton: Crazy animals, but like how I can't remember if we got a sense of how heavily Garrison. This was
Timothy Sackton: Right, you think
Mike Sackton: Did we see anybody else, or was it
Eric Rosenbaum: There's, there's no way around it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you saw maybe five or six nodes that were guarding the sort of central plaza off which the animals seem to be kept. And you also saw
Timothy Sackton: So well be saw a
Timothy Sackton: Few maybe three, four Knowles driving a pack of an, you know, a group of wild animals.
Timothy Sackton: And but all told, You don't think you've seen more than
Is
Timothy Sackton: His car trying to communicate.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Me.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sending sports. I'm sending well be telepathic messages, but he's not seeing. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: You don't use probably not seen more than 10 $10 in total here. It's not a huge garrison obviously
David Schwartz: But then, importantly, also, as we think about being stealthy way high up above the noles was this bat like little
David Schwartz: Creature thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: totally forgot about the little bat demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things going on right now.
Mike Sackton: And we have no idea what we had never came anywhere close to the anything that would have caused the halfway dude to go crazy right
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Those would have been in the valley or like either outside or inside the main wall of ravens hold
Timothy Sackton: Right they see the value in
David Schwartz: The outer wall in the inner
Mike Sackton: White okay right mean right, it feels like we should keep trying to find that there's got to be a source.
Mike Sackton: Like the craziness has got to be coming from somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if it's related to the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like how does that connect to same
Mike Sackton: As Viola what it who I want to ask for, like, what
Mike Sackton: She already told us what
Mike Sackton: Why did she see just the two jacket. Where's and and Nolan, that, that's it. Like what she's selfie. Up until that point.
Mike Sackton: What, what, like, can you give us a scouting report on the what she saw before she was caught
David Schwartz: She seen anyone else after being caught
Mike Sackton: Or what yeah
Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a mess up all this, I'm doing that thing where I can like reader fucking orange it and like know if she's like like
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm glad I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: End beyond myself.
Timothy Sackton: Here off, I'll send you a on zoom, zoom chat. Alright, cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: In my notebook. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so she says she's like, she's like pause for a moment and sort of to tune you out as you're you are all sort of quietly talking to yourself just kind of chowing down on
Timothy Sackton: On the food that will be gave her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually Tim really quickly. What if she's if she's like really hungry and just kind of eating and really focused on food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can Can I, can we like parlay as like a like a group just like kind of on the side like in a way that's like, kind of, you know, being we're just kind of chatting and she's not
Really
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just kind of lean over to all you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should be careful with this one. She's from a part of chart in that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. I don't have a great affection for the society of the open scroll myself and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's she might have some useful information for us but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not. I'm not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got my ears up. I'm a little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wary
David Schwartz: Her names are different than ours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not sure what her aims are exactly but if she's an item hunter, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The, the great the society of the open scrolling chart in there. Not much, in my view, for the people there, they're really trying to take these items and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never needing
Kate Sackton: Power grabbers
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Neighborhoods that I came from industry came. It came from and chart and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: never saw any of the benefits from the society be open scroll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I basically think they're a bunch of fucking hypocrites myself but anyways.
David Schwartz: We'll, we'll turn and spit on the floor and discussion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know, I don't you know let's let's see what she's i mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's something we can learn from her. We'll see what's going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certainly our path is bound up together for the moment. We'll have to escape here together safely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, well, we should definitely get her out of your house, for sure. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does raise the question though. What we're doing next. Are we trying to simply safely exit from this place or investigate if you
Mike Sackton: Know what
Mike Sackton: I think we need to scout further
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Mike Sackton: What do we know that we could bring back to the terawatt that would be a value.
Mike Sackton: Nothing yet thank the
David Schwartz: Team in this new
Mike Sackton: Team and
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh god.
David Schwartz: Is it actually
David Schwartz: We run into demons for it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Those mas
Timothy Sackton: The mock creatures were
Timothy Sackton: not of this world. They were what you would typically called demons. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're listening to, you know, viola, she's tired, she's hungry. Thanks. She's rightfully is the fuck off because she's been held captive in that tower for a little while. One thing we could do is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, a few of us could still continue to scout. I don't know how much time we have before people realize that we, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Killed those in danger. Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: I think I think moving quickly is important.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have time to.
Mike Sackton: You know, wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's also the question once we do decide to make our way back to safety. Exactly how will do that look along what path.
Mike Sackton: Don't we have a secret tunnel out kind of
David Schwartz: The way we came in.
Mike Sackton: I would go out the way we came in right
David Schwartz: Because the horses are there to
Mike Sackton: Right and the mind flyers are waiting for us their
Kate Sackton: Mechanical thing that I want.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and the mechanical golem
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm very curious about that now.
Kate Sackton: When I play with the golem
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have the ability
Eric Rosenbaum: To to speak to certain sympathetic animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if the ones being corralled nearby would have anything useful to say they sound upset justifiably, but perhaps we could bribe them with some meat or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm a little worried about trying to get myself over there, though, because I don't
Eric Rosenbaum: Have the ability to become invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wasn't
Kate Sackton: That cracks knew the
Kate Sackton: One.
Mike Sackton: Would you like to be invisible seeker.
Or
Kate Sackton: Do we have a crack that was pretty cool. A
Kate Sackton: dead animal can
Mike Sackton: You couldn't see the animals from the crack, though, is what I recall
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we go through it, though.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not without significant clearing of stone and rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clearing of rebel. You say,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't go. It can make you invisible seeker. If you wanted to go and talk to the animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's one idea. What are some other things that we can do to gather information.
Mike Sackton: I still want to hear what Volo knows first
Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it sound like she knows a lot. Either that or I mean, it feels like she's Tim. She's been honest with us so far.
Timothy Sackton: Make a make an insight check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How. Yeah, it's like check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plus five his sights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On insightful as hell.
I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she's not. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: She hasn't. You know, like been super talkative and forthcoming about absolutely everything but you don't get the sense that she's trying to deceive you about anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, so nothing that she's told us has been alive, but she might not have been telling us the full truth.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She hasn't told us the whole story necessary.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's more just that she hasn't. Um, I mean, she has been sort of distracted and you get the sense that she is quite
Timothy Sackton: Tired. And I mean, she's been in prison by orcs for 10 days and has been kind of
Timothy Sackton: dramatize yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, the question is just how much time do we even have before we get found out before because these orcs. They've got friends and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that we've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, basically, there's, there's, like, there's one or two things that can happen either the friends comment if we're strong enough, we can take them all out and then we can you know freely, the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're trying to still stay selfie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't feel like a lot of times, do that.
David Schwartz: Right I cast my vote to press on into the key. I think
David Schwartz: Yeah, whatever's in there, you know, whatever is the source of the cause the mover behind all of this.
David Schwartz: It's gonna be a lot more trouble than orcs.
David Schwartz: I think surprises an advantage. And we have a good line of retreat. If things go bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd say you should find out what's in there in the stealthy as possible way.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Well, I
Eric Rosenbaum: Continue carving doing this very important task of carving out time figurines for the new
Eric Rosenbaum: Version of
Eric Rosenbaum: Legendary stealth Kenza tabletop role playing game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're a craftsperson speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eat. Should we, should we bring with us.
Mike Sackton: I mean, are we gonna spend a little bit of time. I mean, should we talk and regroup for a minute. Yes, are
Kate Sackton: You don't have much time. I think that we just talked to regroup with. Don't you think we should move
Mike Sackton: Do we have enough time to take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: practical question.
Mike Sackton: I guess that
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 minutes
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I'm still like out of spells.
Mike Sackton: It would regain and we want me to regain one of my spouse is
Timothy Sackton: Right. Well, you need a long rest to get
Timothy Sackton: Any spells back seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I even already used the Pearl of power.
Timothy Sackton: Already use the pearl. I mean, you guys. You haven't slept since
Timothy Sackton: That the night
Timothy Sackton: Before you met the center's
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we safely sleep here.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we just rescued a person from the towers anything really. She's missing, they're gonna tear the place apart, looking for
Eric Rosenbaum: Good point.
David Schwartz: You just to say that there's a lot of session time but like
David Schwartz: We got up this morning normally
David Schwartz: And now it's like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so we were we're fine. We're just magic out because we've used a lot of spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we might as well wait until the middle of the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or they're scattered
David Schwartz: Except
David Schwartz: Waiting always mix the risk, presumably the people we killed we're supposed to do things at certain points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, take out the whatever no trash needs to be taken out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, those are people to access insofar as they're not
Eric Rosenbaum: I still think that it might be safer if we can have the one person go invisibly if we can pull that trick again with the key, but I don't know if that's possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think will be or I could do that.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And remind me, there's a, what's the layout look like there's a tower in a second. We came in on the third floor of tower one and then went on where to tower two
Mike Sackton: And then created back to tower one
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: And where's the keep
Timothy Sackton: The keep so that these towers are like the inner
Timothy Sackton: Says later outer wall and an inner
Timothy Sackton: The inner wall inside the inner walls to keep outside the inner wall. There's the outdoor courtyard. And then beyond the outer courtyard, there's
Timothy Sackton: The Plaza where the knows where the animals and the wall.
Mike Sackton: I mean side.
Mike Sackton: Just like watching for as we've been talking like is there activity. Is this like
Mike Sackton: Great question it. You know, if you stare out the window for 15 minutes towards the key or their lights as there any whites coming on now that it's DAS. Is there any like people crossing the courtyard, or is it just like quiet.
Timothy Sackton: There's so um
Timothy Sackton: There's a flicker firelight that gleams from the windows and open door of the main key.
Timothy Sackton: There's not any movement that you've seen
Mike Sackton: But like flicker firelight like one heart fire that's flickering out from one door or like
Mike Sackton: Like this with torches and
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Our summer. So it's a
Timothy Sackton: It's a three story. Keep the top floors seem dark
Timothy Sackton: From the sort of main entry on the first floor. The door the sort of main entry way door is
Timothy Sackton: Off like smashed off of its hinges and there is reasonably bright firelight kind of flickering out of that door as well as from several first floor windows.
Mike Sackton: How far is it
Timothy Sackton: Very good. So it's not. Yeah, it's not like a single heart fire.
Mike Sackton: How far is it from the nearest point on the wall to the keep to the keep
That is a good question.
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So, from where you are now it's like
Timothy Sackton: So maybe
Timothy Sackton: 100 feet across the inner courtyard.
Mike Sackton: Is that kind of just eyeballing it about as close as it gets, or does it come much closer to
Timothy Sackton: The, the Southern tower. The one where Viola was prisoner was substantially closer like The Two Towers are sort of at an angle and the keep it sort of nestled into the edge of the so it's like the tower and the cliff wall make a triangle.
Timothy Sackton: And then it keeps us at the bottom of the triangle. And so the North Tower sort of the top of the triangle south tower is sort of down here next to the key.
Timothy Sackton: And you're sort of looking out the window of the North Tower sort of down almost straight to the main doorway from here.
Mike Sackton: Substantially closer, isn't it doesn't get within 30 feet or not.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: It's about 40 feet to the to the 3040 feet hard to judge exactly to the door.
Mike Sackton: What about TO THE WHAT ABOUT TO THE START floor.
Mike Sackton: Or is there a roof. Can we see the roof.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could maybe just get to the third floor from the
Timothy Sackton: Maybe just 30 feet to the closest part of the roof does. I mean, the top floor seems to be in ruins.
Timothy Sackton: And the roof is not like there's holes in it and stuff. But yeah, it's probably about 30 feet to the closest corner of the roof from the nearest point of the south tower.
Mike Sackton: And how active is the like how visible. Is that from what I'm, what I'm after, is if we if we strung a rope. Let's say from the nearest point of the tower to the roof of the key.
Mike Sackton: How visible, would people be crawling across the room.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: If somebody was in the inner courtyard, you would be
Mike Sackton: blazingly obvious right but from the keep
Timothy Sackton: From the inside of the cube. No, that would be pretty hard to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In general, like just the whole time. We've been here like with inside this kind of keep area like how many people is that is the key seem to be bustling or is it just feel like it's because so far it seems like it's pretty empty like it feels like
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, you've mean you've heard like there's last time you did hear some sort of movement like kind of maybe more undead groans kind of wandering in the outer courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing's visible right now.
Timothy Sackton: And of course, for our third away.
Timothy Sackton: In the plaza or animals and some number of nodes. The kit itself has been extremely quiet you have not seen anything moving in the inner courtyard, or in or out of the keep
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just in general.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the whole campus area that we've been around, like, I mean, we have an approximate sense of just total how many Knowles or just kind of creatures that might even be like does it feel like there's like 50 105 and like
Timothy Sackton: More like five or 10 although if there's 50 of them hiding in a barrack somewhere you went
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right in here for like hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And like, it feels
Timothy Sackton: Now you've been here like two
Timothy Sackton: Three hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Kate Sackton: Like nocturnal thing.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting noise themselves don't
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you've seen there's been there's certainly been active during the day. Right. Well, we saw some coming up to the family, you saw some sort of gardening gardening is a loose term right hanging about in the sort of entry Plaza, and then they went somewhere and another group came out.
Timothy Sackton: So there's at least two groups.
Mike Sackton: I want to talk to vote for a little bit more to right way before we do anything else. Let's quietly just interrogator
Mike Sackton: Where, what does she seemed like can we go back to that idea of getting a scouting report. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: So she sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like size for a moment and
Timothy Sackton: Looks like she had almost Leah. He had like dozed off for a few minutes as you are talking. Um, but then
Timothy Sackton: When she hears when she hears her name again she kind of like sits up and says,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Well, shall we make a plan.
Timothy Sackton: Not going to sit in this damn place for that much longer.
Mike Sackton: What do you see in your way in. And can you, can you tell us the lay of the land. What do you know
Timothy Sackton: How much about the castle. Have you seen
Mike Sackton: Not much.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a big place.
Timothy Sackton: I have not. I didn't get a chance to explore it all.
Timothy Sackton: Those damn things got me.
Timothy Sackton: I came in up over the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Just south of here came along the wall easiest entry point from to the keep from the wall was via this tower.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you that the wall that the outer wall runs maybe 600 feet North northwest, north, south, this is the sub southernmost end of the castle.
Timothy Sackton: I did scout a bit
Timothy Sackton: At least 10 days ago there was
Timothy Sackton: The entire place seemed empty fires going to have an easy time about tell those bloody creatures and brushed me
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: There was maybe
Timothy Sackton: Two or three of those.
Timothy Sackton: What do you call them the nasty tiny in a human.
Timothy Sackton: Hard
Timothy Sackton: How beasts of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: But I didn't get a chance to explore much
Timothy Sackton: There is a set of
Timothy Sackton: Barracks and kind of ruined.
Timothy Sackton: Old bits of
Timothy Sackton: Fortress between here and the
Timothy Sackton: And the and the plaza.
Timothy Sackton: Was kind of hoping there's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a rumor.
Timothy Sackton: That after this place is abandoned by hobgoblin
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of three headed beast of fearsome aspect and with a Breath of Fire made a layer here of course not still here. Thank God that would be three.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three headed
That's the rumor.
Timothy Sackton: People will say the darndest things so
Timothy Sackton: Let me. Well, if I know whether it's true or not, but maybe some bits of its treasure hoard are still lingering around could be some use of something useful to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three headed fire breathing huh
That's why they're
Timothy Sackton: Having to look
Mike Sackton: Do you know why you were kept prisoner.
Mike Sackton: They want something from you.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly
Timothy Sackton: This a God that creature
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. What do you know about a god.
Timothy Sackton: So, um,
Timothy Sackton: I know that my captors. They work for this woman.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Bloody something
Timothy Sackton: They called her. I gotta dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Made her sound like she is older than is possible for a human like hundreds of years old.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: She were. They are, however, her
Timothy Sackton: You know board and master is if she has one
Timothy Sackton: Wanted to know about ancient drink Korean artifacts and where I could find them for them.
Timothy Sackton: Had a suspicion, this would not be
Timothy Sackton: Pleasant, or shall we say a smart choice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They know about your connection with the society. The opens well
Timothy Sackton: I don't keep my charter me and heritage, a secret.
Timothy Sackton: I tried not to tell them anything but
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's not always easy.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is it gotta you know where it is.
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: They said they were going to take me to her.
Timothy Sackton: But that
Timothy Sackton: They had to wait.
Timothy Sackton: And make sure
Timothy Sackton: Something happened first and weren't clear what make sure the ritual succeeded.
Timothy Sackton: Before they could leave
Ritual
Mike Sackton: A gotcha wasn't here.
Mike Sackton: Then we're going to take their we're gonna. They said, We've take you away.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, leave take me
Timothy Sackton: Probably somewhere deep in them. Damn blasted planes for all I know.
Timothy Sackton: But thankfully you showed up before this.
Timothy Sackton: Hellish ritual or whatever they're talking about was completed and they could
Timothy Sackton: whisked me off into the
Timothy Sackton: Last in depth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pro and other ritual is ongoing right now.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Tell you this place. Certainly, whereas on your soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is any more about the ritual or where it was or what it involves
Timothy Sackton: It seemed clear that they needed to stay here to make sure it
Timothy Sackton: It worked.
Timothy Sackton: It happened there seemed to be some question.
Mike Sackton: How many, how many did you see any others beyond the three we killed
That was that
Timothy Sackton: Nobody else ever came into the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're all working on the ritual.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ritual involves
Eric Rosenbaum: All those animals.
Timothy Sackton: As damn to animals they've been in my dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your dreams.
Timothy Sackton: chasing me fucking awful.
David Schwartz: How do you avoid all those vines on the way in which things look nasty.
David Schwartz: Or did you
Timothy Sackton: Very, very carefully.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not totally without scale.
David Schwartz: Not even a scratch them.
Timothy Sackton: They grow the thickest closest to the water.
Timothy Sackton: I hugged the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Your are decently agile.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Can balance on some precarious rocks. It seemed like a safe path safer path.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing in this valley seems fucking safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did you know the vines. We're gonna be the interest in the first place.
Timothy Sackton: I looked at them.
Timothy Sackton: Like fucking rad bleeding horrid corrupted devil vines.
Timothy Sackton: What
Timothy Sackton: How would you interpret that woven scholar of
Timothy Sackton: What the more
Eric Rosenbaum: Some of the finest food crops look like well, not like that, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You are welcome to treat yourself just away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every rose has its anyway um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait, but this is a good question. Where's the source of the water. We're just though it. Where's the water go, do you think the ritual is any with the water
Timothy Sackton: So the outer game the water out there. So there's a waterfall.
Eric Rosenbaum: That comes
Timothy Sackton: off the cliff and the water falls down into the, into this pool and then flows out in a river under a bridge and then like under a, like a culvert under the outer wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: With
Eric Rosenbaum: The river flows under the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As
Timothy Sackton: Well, there's like a river gate. Right. It's like a
Timothy Sackton: It's like, oh, hey, right.
Mike Sackton: Off the rip far far outer wall.
Timothy Sackton: Not this not that
Timothy Sackton: So there's like in
Eric Rosenbaum: I got
Timothy Sackton: It was map right the very far. Other wall.
Mike Sackton: Just like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I got it. I got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I actually can you guys can you let us share screen button or you can share because shorts put up the whiteboard that we drew because we like when we do this whole thing last time. And we're like,
Timothy Sackton: Well, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was looking at it.
Timothy Sackton: Here.
David Schwartz: The outer wall corresponds more or less to the very bottom of the whiteboard rectangle itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you're
Timothy Sackton: Even better.
At this, yes, they should be able to do this.
Why can't I do that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: What's happening I'm
Timothy Sackton: Trying to put it on hold 20
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can just share screen and zoom Tim
Timothy Sackton: I know, but then it messes up the music and then I forget to restart the music.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice nice nice are beautiful drawings
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the WC
David Schwartz: Water closer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Towards
Eric Rosenbaum: The workplace and iron guy.
Mike Sackton: Lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't even know where we were.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was awesome.
Mike Sackton: Keep nameless horrors. Let's keep going towards the nameless horse that is my suggestion.
Eric Rosenbaum: That you know a lot to be said for that.
Mike Sackton: I
Eric Rosenbaum: Stay here.
Mike Sackton: So I think we continue on to the key army. I'll turn back to the party like having to ask for a little bit. I think we continue on to the keepin soon before they discover what's happened
David Schwartz: Maybe we'll wait. I agree. It's
David Schwartz: Ritual but I have as much magic in me as I woke up with this morning and I don't know how prepared you all feel to continue on.
David Schwartz: Appeared. Do you feel
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm feeling pretty drained myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, the other thing we do is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the you and I could scout
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or one of us can scout, and then you know you this, it feels quiet here. I mean, it feels like I mean bola. Have you seen more than it seems like bola hasn't seen many more than three. Three people here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean she she yes she said she had not seen anybody other than the three you killed since she was locked in the in the prison.
Timothy Sackton: And and she's, she's sort of turns and says, Look, I
Timothy Sackton: Hate to suggest it but
Timothy Sackton: Whatever is out there. It's never came into where they were keeping me prisoner.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If there's some way we can
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you I am fucking tired and I could use a good night's sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, if you guys wanted to stay in rest here. It feels like this room is this tower is not been disturbed in years on, we may have some time and maybe you know well be, you and I, maybe we can go scout
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See what to see what's going on inside the keeping let me let everybody else just rest here.
Kate Sackton: We have a scout team to figure some things out. Well that well. Others rest.
Kate Sackton: That'll be in the faith of before were discovered, and when the hunt isn't up. Maybe the fact when they do discover there's been a escape of a prisoner that will stir things up. Maybe give us a chance to disrupt that ritual.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we didn't come here and take a lot of action, but that sounds like something we might want to do sooner rather than later.
Kate Sackton: consulting with homemade
Kate Sackton: As it were,
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many of us can be made invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: One at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like even a thought and visibility. I think, while the entire book, please.
David Schwartz: Take a look.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I go try to talk to an animal, while you go investigate the key.
Mike Sackton: I think you're the one who needs rest at the most.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amount of spells. That's true. Oh, so you're saying in lieu of resting, they're going to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you guys get your magic back right
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean, that wouldn't be, I mean, you're not going to be scouting for a full long grass, so
Timothy Sackton: But you all can at least take a short rest. Well, they scout. And then if something bad happens you'll at least taking a short rest.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with I also don't actually
Timothy Sackton: Know what
Mike Sackton: I don't, I don't need to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: A short CATnap staring off into space.
Timothy Sackton: So what's the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right think will be in
David Schwartz: The restaurant should
Mike Sackton: Come to
David Schwartz: Do you get anything from a short rest.
Mike Sackton: I get everything I don't sleep. I just can't.
David Schwartz: I think you should show wrestling.
David Schwartz: Because I doubt we're going to get a full night's sleep here expect. We're gonna go scout come back and then head in.
Mike Sackton: Seconds. I think we're trying to let the
Mike Sackton: Secret wrestling pretty depleted and need a long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might not have a choice, though. So yeah, let's just do the do the plan. I'm going to show rest.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: The idea I had was
Mike Sackton: teleporting to the roof of the
Eric Rosenbaum: You can go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the roof of the heap.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hence the 30 feet question.
Mike Sackton: And the 30 feet question.
Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: It might be a way to scout, that doesn't involve quite so much
Kate Sackton: There's a lot of area alive a bit sort of deserted. That makes sense for several scouts to do their various kinds of Scouting
Mike Sackton: Take it back. Once I go over there.
Very
Eric Rosenbaum: Important point
David Schwartz: Let's let me but
Mike Sackton: I could I could rest for an hour and then get back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you guys all rest and wellbeing. I'll take a look. We won't be gone long
Eric Rosenbaum: Go for it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you are currently in the third floor of this tower. How are you getting out of the tower.
Mike Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Yet to find a way
Timothy Sackton: At hours.
Mike Sackton: As an aside, it does somebody want to be invisible.
Mike Sackton: I could short right i can cast and visibility short rest and regain the slot.
Right.
David Schwartz: Smart
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, well, why don't you take it. I enjoyed it last time I had my funding.
Mike Sackton: Touch well
Eric Rosenbaum: I pick up
Mike Sackton: A where the shoulder you disappear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Modify the
Room.
Timothy Sackton: You paint a little like green circle around the base to indicate and visibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know they really work.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the figuring disappears. Okay.
David Schwartz: Well, we'll be vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nicely done.
Timothy Sackton: You can go out. So remember, there's a bridge that goes across to the
Timothy Sackton: To the passageway into the caves.
Timothy Sackton: Which is about a 15 foot maybe 1520 foot drop to the ground. From there, or you could go down to the first floor which you still haven't been to and see if there's anything there.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems like
David Schwartz: Oh, I think I should go for STEM in visibility to the first floor. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and let's see, oh, this is perfect. This is perfect. Well, but you we can communicate telepathically
David Schwartz: This is like the best scout. Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: You are you head down and about
Timothy Sackton: Halfway down this does. So there's a set of stairs that sort of down the inside of the of the
Timothy Sackton: The tower and the going from the third floor to the second floor is fine. You come out. There's the there's the door to the bridge that you've been on
Timothy Sackton: This is, you know, this is like a storage area guard area going down one more the steps and after about eight steps with about a
Timothy Sackton: 10 foot drop
Timothy Sackton: To maybe 15 foot drop to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: You can see on the ground. It's like a guard entry area store room and there is a door leading out
Timothy Sackton: But no.
Timothy Sackton: Steps down which partially explains why this tower seems to have been
Timothy Sackton: Untouched
David Schwartz: We're having a
Tower guys have an extra yes
Timothy Sackton: You can go across the top of the gate and down the other tower, if you want. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but I'm saying, well, this is all telepathically to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a 10 feet jump I can make this super easy i can i can get down here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. I'm assuming I can read it like plus five acrobatics 10 feet feels pretty
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Making acrobatics tech
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, well, the, what do you think I could hop down here and or do you want to go. You want to stay together.
David Schwartz: A certain want to know what's on the first floor of the other tab or just who we know what's there, or what isn't there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's go to that first
Eric Rosenbaum: Year to
Get back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lobby. I'm just gonna let you lead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna let you lead like 1020 feet in front and all, I'll just
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: As you come to the other. So the other tower has a similar design right you come across on the third floor where they're camped out which enters into the floor where you fought the
Timothy Sackton: The arc and the Jackal whereas you go down the floor to another sort of set of like servants apartments kind of
Timothy Sackton: Quarters, things like that that seem to have been used as storage and
Timothy Sackton: You know, sort of living living areas that at one point for for maybe hobgoblin lieutenants or something like that, but hasn't been has certainly been trafficked through but not actively used in a while.
Timothy Sackton: Continuing down to the
Timothy Sackton: To the bottom floor. This is like, um, you know, set up partly as a guard area. So there's arrow, there's
Timothy Sackton: Like arrow slits like like facing out into the area of the gate, so people can, you know, like murder holes, basically. So you can defend defend the gate and also similarly set up and sort of bays pointing out to the other courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: And on the
Timothy Sackton: In the intercourse started then on the face in the inner courtyard, there's a there's a door not locked seems to have been used recently that opens up onto a platform with a short flight of stairs that lead down to the ground and
Timothy Sackton: As you I assume you open the door.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Um,
David Schwartz: You go first. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so like now that you're closer to the ground. You can see sort of coming up off of the ground on the
Timothy Sackton: In the inner courtyard is sort of like faint sort of vapors and steam and sort of almost smoke like an and there's you feel like sort of an unnatural warm, kind of coming. I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty warm in general, right, you're, you're in a fairly Southern climb. And it's, you know, spring, but it's not. But this feels unnatural like like almost sort of steamy
Timothy Sackton: On the
Timothy Sackton: Plus side, it gives you a little bit of
Timothy Sackton: obscuring cover as these sort of myths and vapors kind of obscure the bottom five or 10 feet off the ground.
Timothy Sackton: A little bat, which should help you sneak across if you decide to do so.
Timothy Sackton: And you can still see clearly here the
Timothy Sackton: State of
Timothy Sackton: Maine keep
Timothy Sackton: So you're looking sort of straight across. You're looking at the side wall of the keep the wall facing us seems to be dark like there's. There are windows. There's us shattered. Because what used to be a stained glass window that's been shattered.
Timothy Sackton: And you're looking into dark a dark room there now completely in shadow. As the sun has gone behind the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: You can see clearly flames kind of flickering out of the main door and then sort of around the other side, there's like firelight being cast against the wall of the cliff.
David Schwartz: to sneak around and look through any or their windows so I can look in from the ground level.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so there's the dark window or there's like fire lit windows on the other side.
David Schwartz: We'll just go from one to the next.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a stealth checklist. If you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be, you know,
David Schwartz: We're advantage for invisibility.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, are you invisible.
Mike Sackton: Wealthy is
Timothy Sackton: While we as. Okay. Yes, I'll give you advantage.
Though
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You begin sort of creeping across the sort of misty ground.
Timothy Sackton: peering into the first window, you come to which is dark and it seems to be a
Timothy Sackton: Like the ruined.
Timothy Sackton: Remains of a chapel. There's like rubble strewn everywhere. Um,
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: large pile of sort of bones and rotting bodies that has accumulated kind of blocking. So it's a long rectangular Hall sort of looking in from this broken stained glass.
Timothy Sackton: There's what would be a door entryway into the sort of main hall has been blocked by this pile of
Timothy Sackton: Bones and and writing bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were their bones and rotting bodies.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: locking the door from the inside.
Timothy Sackton: Like, they've been thrown into this chapel, or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the chapel.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it's, you know, it's
Timothy Sackton: From here, you can't really see much, but many of them seem to be dead animals not not humanoids
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: And the
Timothy Sackton: The inside of this chapel looks as if sort of several explosions have gone off and just sort of shattered everything
Timothy Sackton: There is a altar to add gear to the god of fire and war and death, which has been smashed and a statue, where the head has been knocked off and replaced with the skull of a know
Timothy Sackton: As you move along.
Timothy Sackton: You you sort of sneak past as best you can. The
Timothy Sackton: And I just need to check something real quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um, you sort of sneak as best you can pass the the sort of main door where the firelight flickers and and more than just firelight flickering like there's water coming out of here. But you move quickly past that to look into the on the sort of windows on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: And as you
Timothy Sackton: As you appear as you sort of come along.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of. So there's the. It's like a square, basically. So you've gone this side is the chocolate. You go past the main hall. You're coming around the corner to try and
Timothy Sackton: To try and look in the
Timothy Sackton: To try and look in the Windows along the other side. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of walking. Walking sort of out of the of the main entry way I'm heading towards just as the sun is getting set heading sort of in the direction of those you see now from the ground. You can see that there's a small
Timothy Sackton: Like outbuilding like a kitchen area or something and kind of wandering out from the main area, you see.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a
Timothy Sackton: No, of sorts, but its flesh is falling off of its face, and it's withered, to the point at which it's um you know it's bones are showing through, you know, so it's arm is like little bits of bone picking through flesh dropping off of its bodies and as you sort of walk around the corner.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Accidentally steps on a rock.
Timothy Sackton: Just that enough and it turns and looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of hisses briefly and then starts to turn back into the
Timothy Sackton: Doorway you're about 1015 feet away from that.
Mike Sackton: I can't hear you, you're muted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we should be killer fast.
David Schwartz: Yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: Think
David Schwartz: It, it hurt. We're just to be clear, Tim. It clearly heard Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Oh, let's look directly at Kenzo he's not visible.
David Schwartz: You have
Timothy Sackton: to sneak past it came out and it it, you made a noise as you're coming around the corner and it turned and looked straight at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shoot me the crossbow. I'm going to try to kill my staff.
David Schwartz: Awesome. All right, let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be a problem.
roll initiative.
Mike Sackton: Is this going to end badly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that we learned something about the noles right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we learn
Mike Sackton: What did we learn
Eric Rosenbaum: They can up. Is it the noles that can be harmed by non
Mike Sackton: Magical
David Schwartz: That's the jungle where
Timothy Sackton: The Jacka where
Timothy Sackton: The shape shifters
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally different. How could I
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your interest of time zone. Well, here we go, initiatives.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the movie version. I'm playing
Timothy Sackton: Nice 23
Eric Rosenbaum: In the safety of the tower goal in my days.
Timothy Sackton: While we
Timothy Sackton: While we are completely unseen.
Timothy Sackton: Now 21 I see it. Yes. Okay. So, so, Kenza you're up first. You both managed to react before before it can turn and head into the building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I go ahead and try to walk away with my quarter stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or do I try to do something even more awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll just attack with my first
Eric Rosenbaum: Quiet and awesome it is.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do a follow up.
Thing Florian blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait three pillows are unarmed strikes.
Timothy Sackton: For your blood lets you do to unarmed strikes regularly. You can just do one strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, yeah, I'll, I'll do that. I'll do to to
Timothy Sackton: Do to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then what do I do that again.
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: So that spends one key point to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that also had so that's okay so Kenza like steps.
Timothy Sackton: Kicks this rock in this thing turns and looks and he's just like, nope runs for and swings with your staff which Mrs. But then wham wham, two quick punches and the things slumps against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: The first strike nearly knocking it out. And then the second follow up being just enough to kill at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, we got lucky with that one will be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Placed place to crash.
David Schwartz: Nicely done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Body.
David Schwartz: Let's, let's move the body at least just out at the line of sight that the doorway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, all right. Aren't there rotting bodies around
Timothy Sackton: I was inside the chapel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah. Let's try it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's move the body like kind of out of the way. The best we can, out of the way. So it's not so there's like a body like like yeah
Timothy Sackton: You can sort of drag it around the corner like Nestle it up against the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you then turn around the corner, hoping that nobody has noticed this commotion.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you
Timothy Sackton: Now go and look in the
Timothy Sackton: U turn and look into the
Timothy Sackton: turn and look into the sort of windows that are looking into the main hall from the, from the sort of fireside, and inside the main hall, you see a building this main hall is sort of filled with hate is the
Timothy Sackton: Book
Timothy Sackton: That is lightly obscured flames flicker just from three or four places around the sides of this hall.
Timothy Sackton: Various
Timothy Sackton: skulls and heads are kind of nailed up against the wall. Some of them with like dried blood around the next
Timothy Sackton: inside you can see
Timothy Sackton: Several more of those sort of creatures that are just kind of those no rotting creatures that seem to be milling around
Timothy Sackton: aimlessly
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Sort of pacing back and forth in this Chamber, like from fire to fire is a
Timothy Sackton: Demonic creature
Timothy Sackton: A sort of goat like
Timothy Sackton: Two headed bipedal creature with horns.
Timothy Sackton: Long Bard's Tale vicious claws sort of reddish brown for around but everywhere all over its body.
Timothy Sackton: Little like festering sores like flies buzzing around its head and
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of boy like red well not read that to cliched I'm deep black eyes that seemed to be
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is like what would what Mike Pence would be if he were supernatural
David Schwartz: What
Timothy Sackton: Demon horns. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Just
Timothy Sackton: Spreads casing back and forth like click, click, click, click, click, click, stopping. Yeah. One of the flames like holding his claws over the flame kind of
Timothy Sackton: Just like pacing back and forth like waiting for something
Timothy Sackton: Pace pace pace stop pace pace pace, stop.
Timothy Sackton: Flies still BUZZING
Eric Rosenbaum: And you did say two headed
Timothy Sackton: Now two horns.
One.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: Goat like had with Big Horn sort of coming up and curling around
I'll talk
Timothy Sackton: About seven feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like muscular big strong looking dude.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Not, not you know
Timothy Sackton: I would say not.
Timothy Sackton: Like crazy bulky like not
Timothy Sackton: Not more winery than like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Super machine or but
Definitely seems
Timothy Sackton: Quick and
Timothy Sackton: Like it gets, you know, with claws look pretty nasty.
Timothy Sackton: BB town like
Timothy Sackton: Moving around sort of independently from that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he have any weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Or is he like weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. So, okay.
David Schwartz: On that, how far you know any of the
Timothy Sackton: Ah, currently in the room. There are two of them. Two of the unknown creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or to know creatures, plus the demon guy. Yeah. And how far away are we from all them.
Timothy Sackton: The room itself is not huge.
Timothy Sackton: It's maybe
Timothy Sackton: As maybe i mean it's a great hall. Right, so it's not tiny but it's like maybe 40 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: And you're sort of peering in in a window on the far side and it's like pacing back 40 feet and then back and and there's like a there's a larger fire sort of in the middle of the room and then
Timothy Sackton: Sort of a string of of little fires along one wall and then there do seem to be stairs going up on but burning at the bottom of the stairs is also a big sort of bonfire.
Mike Sackton: I saw on the first floor.
Timothy Sackton: This is all in the first floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said tell about the lead while we, as we've been communicated as a tired. I'm sure we stay and watch for a little while and see what happens.
David Schwartz: Give them five minutes, but I am really uncomfortable.
David Schwartz: What the hell is this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think this is kind of what we're here to learn and you think
David Schwartz: He looks very much like something that should be murdered. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, yeah, but we're not going to do it ourselves. So
David Schwartz: That's right, that's right. Let's watch a few
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With us. Let's just hang and watch and see, see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's basically just it's just pacing like
Timothy Sackton: Every once in a while, it'll stop and sort of let out almost
Timothy Sackton: Every once in a while or get close to one of the things I'm kind of slap it and like push it away.
Timothy Sackton: Occasionally it will
Timothy Sackton: You know, come to one of these, like, like a scholar something on the wall and just like pick it up and something like crushed one. And then, there seems to be a pile of
Timothy Sackton: Of bones and skulls on the bottom, it'll pick one up and sort of replace it, it seems, if anything, you would read it as like impatient.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah, I do on my soul or thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clue. Yes. Focus on the order of one creature conceived in 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know, I know it's a good point total to Hell, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wow, that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna message you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hell yes soul site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yoga demon. You are mine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh my god.
Mike Sackton: 100 points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At zero points.
Mike Sackton: That you know that's not so bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can kill them.
Mike Sackton: We can tell it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will be
Mike Sackton: This question is do we kill it tonight. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the. This is a he's pretty tough. Definitely. You and I cannot take the sky. But I think our whole party. We could, we could take it.
David Schwartz: I think we, I think we should not wait because who knows what this ritual thing is about. Who knows if those dogs are going to turn into like human giant beast by the morning
David Schwartz: I feel like the more time that passes, even though we aren't all the way at full strength. I feel like time is there, Allah and more than ours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you think we should go rally the other party.
David Schwartz: That's what I
David Schwartz: Yeah, that's what I navigate
What do you think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree we should kill it and kill soon. But I also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonder if there's still something we need to learn about what's going on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But maybe we just kill it. If we kill it, where we're gonna have to fight everything else that's in here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we might be able to kill everything else is in here.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Schwartz: You took that know down pretty quick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we look, we could take these three plus his demon guy. We could do that. But if there's another one of these or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about this. Should we, should we complete our scout. And again, continue to just walk around the corner fear as to how much, how much like are really kind of doing a doing a loop around
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so it's like a square
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, right. You the
Timothy Sackton: chopper was one and the main entrance. The other, the windows are here. So you just have the backside to look into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, why don't we shoot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good, let's complete the circuit. And if we don't see anything else. Let's get everybody else and killed us
Timothy Sackton: There's so there's no windows on the first floor on the on the backs side facing the main hall.
Timothy Sackton: There's, like, that's where the stairs go up. You can see windows on the second floor that are dark, but you can almost feel the heat radiating off of the back wall.
Timothy Sackton: As you kind of walk past. And then as you come back around to the chapel. You can see back into the chapel. There's another stained glass window on this side that has also been broken and conquer. Did you see the last message I sent you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once I don't know. That means
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, is I'm just going to say this out loud because I'm going to communicate this to Welby so the demons or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's showing that it's somehow connected to another plane is this is this one I'm surmising
Timothy Sackton: Mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so this this creature is not from here and is somehow connected and tethered to the other. This other this other place, wherever. This is
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you're heading back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, yeah.
David Schwartz: Well, actually, is there anything else in the courtyard though there's no more like undead.
David Schwartz: boogers standing in the corner or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not that you see make a make a perception check but with disadvantage because it's OBSCURED
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It will make a perception check
Timothy Sackton: Well, he's also a disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Um, I mean, it's hard to see. Super clearly because like, there's the steams and sort of mists coming up. But there's nothing sort of obvious looming here.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: It seems like
Timothy Sackton: It's not like as another kind of like cluster of nodes or something, hiding in a pair
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So basically it just feels like in this whole area there's three holes plus given boss guy.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I mean unless there's something upstairs.
David Schwartz: He's got upstairs or light. Yes, they're late from the upper floors.
Timothy Sackton: There's not light from the upper floors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like there's more heat than is justified by the fires that you've seen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Likely
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: WELL, WE SHOULD WE DO A QUICK SPIN upstairs.
David Schwartz: We get there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or whether stairs upstairs.
Mike Sackton: Blocked by a fire.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the main hall next to the demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are stairs.
Timothy Sackton: That are blocked by a bonfire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, okay.
David Schwartz: Well, which means we probably can't come down them all the way easily
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so should we go back in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we discovered
Eric Rosenbaum: Places in my basement doesn't
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't have not that you can see
Timothy Sackton: Make make one more self check as you're heading back to the tower.
Black
Timothy Sackton: You still have that you're still invisible.
Mike Sackton: Then you never attacked
Timothy Sackton: He never attacked
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you quietly sneak back up to the tower and return
Timothy Sackton: About an hour later, after
Timothy Sackton: The scouting LITTLE LESS THAN AN HOUR BUT YOU'VE BEEN DONE quietly and slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody else I'm finishing a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I guess we'll be in I relate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we saw. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So if anybody wants to roll hit diets, or anything. You're welcome to do that while you should not YouTube but resin or seeker or
Mike Sackton: Not but it's all health. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not with how do I do the Hittites thing.
Timothy Sackton: When you play a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: There's an option to roll hit dice.
Timothy Sackton: There's like little
Timothy Sackton: Boxes, you can check off that are your head dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so
Timothy Sackton: Each one you check off, you get, you know, one day, plus your con modifier back
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm short by
Eric Rosenbaum: To eat, so I'll do one hit die, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if it auto roles that for you are here after
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird. It looks like it did not
Mike Sackton: I think you have to roll a dice it just takes them off.
Eric Rosenbaum: When t plus two. Okay, let me do that really quick.
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, Vol.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but you can also do your song of rest, since you're rolling it die. So that gives you an extra 20 secs
Timothy Sackton: From your bardic ability
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay. So I get one day six
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who's rolling his eyes gets an extra Wendy sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're all back. You've relayed what you saw.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Well, our
Timothy Sackton: Cells just kind of size.
Timothy Sackton: And neither is something
From the house here.
Timothy Sackton: Can feel it in the air. If you spend too many nights here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look places cursed. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we have to go kill it. I think is what we're saying here.
Timothy Sackton: Seriously.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question, Is this the same as the bat that we saw in other words can change shape.
Timothy Sackton: It's. It doesn't look the same. If it can change shape.
Timothy Sackton: It could be the same.
Timothy Sackton: But it's certainly not the same form, it's much the bat was like backside. I mean like fruit bat sized
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't have a BB detail.
Timothy Sackton: It did have a tail, but it was much, much smaller and had bat wings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no, I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wasn't suggesting it was literally the same shape but that it could be the same.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they both did have bbls
Eric Rosenbaum: That could be a lieutenant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we
Eric Rosenbaum: count on being able to destroy this thing. I don't have my ability to harm through heating metal right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Us. If we get injured, I've
Eric Rosenbaum: Got the ability to heal a couple of people.
Mike Sackton: We watch it for a little bit before i mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was waiting
Waiting
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we can distract or confused it in some way with a display of some kind. But what is it, what is it, expecting to occur. You don't know.
Mike Sackton: It was right. It's waiting for something
Eric Rosenbaum: We lower it out into a compromising position somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: De aqui collapse collapse part of the keep on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only if part of it is structurally compromise pretty severely already which doesn't seem to be the case. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Just got bad and now the second floor seems completely intact. The, the third floor the roof is maybe not structurally completely sound.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't look
Timothy Sackton: It certainly doesn't look like there's
Timothy Sackton: At least from a distance in the dark. There's major structural weaknesses of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the second floor or third for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it was like there's gonna have a couple options here either. We wait and see what it does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we got going now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just don't even have a guest. In what way can attack does it
Eric Rosenbaum: Have mental attacks, does it through fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah wait audience. I know that.
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: I can explain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These points for the party was popular magic the target speculating poisoned three leaders for the resistance communities.
Timothy Sackton: You can't learn it's a tax yes you can learn as resistance as and immunities. If you want to spend a key point you I'll say you could have done that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now,
Mike Sackton: Do you get those back on a short rest. I do. Yes, I
Mike Sackton: Mean I wonder if attacking it in the middle of the night is or waiter. Like, do we really have to attack it at 7pm as opposed to 9pm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wouldn't mind getting a short rest to get some get some modalities back. That'd be in it.
Timothy Sackton: Under acids. Dr.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: G's. So this thing it's it's resistant to fire cold lightning and is immune to poison.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
David Schwartz: But regular weapons can Harmon.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would appear so yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: But you could stick it full of dozens of crossbow bolts and it wouldn't even notice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would
Eric Rosenbaum: Eventually,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They actually pretty strong guy. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Look, I don't know what you're planning, but
No.
Timothy Sackton: I could use
Sleep.
Timothy Sackton: So are we going to get out of here. What's, what's the story here.
Timothy Sackton: There's that I want to just sit around what
Mike Sackton: Does the demon creature waiting for something. I don't think we're gonna just leave.
Mike Sackton: Your, of course, welcome.
Wow.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't come here to kill demons, but
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it has some
I don't know.
Well,
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it's not sure I want to be leaving here on my own. So perhaps I can help you in this endeavor, but
Timothy Sackton: It's not going to be easy for me unless I can get it night's rest.
I am
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tired about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we
Mike Sackton: Think it might be trying to tell us we shouldn't attack it.
Mike Sackton: Well, you don't have
Timothy Sackton: That just have
Timothy Sackton: Two levels of exhaustion and doesn't want anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like here. How about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is we did a short rest right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If. How long does invisibility once
Mike Sackton: An hour
Timothy Sackton: So the end visibility is about worn off now. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, now that we know where it is. And we know what's going on and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I just, I just need a short rest here to restore myself, but we can just sit and wait for a little bit and just see what happens.
David Schwartz: What do you think we should strike right. Well, let's let's let's put it to a pole. I think we take a short rest and then strike now because we don't know what else will be here by the morning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long is a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: eight hour long last as eight hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ceremony potentially involves summoning
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the thing is definitely tethered to the abyss or whatever playing that all of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Madness is coming from. So is it possible that more of these could come. Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what's it waiting for
Eric Rosenbaum: Do weekly. Why would they, why are they keeping a prisoner.
Mike Sackton: My only
Mike Sackton: My only hesitation, while being attacking it now is
Mike Sackton: Not working. What it's waiting for
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, that's
David Schwartz: Why I would look to a tag and now
Mike Sackton: Well, that's what I'd vote with that. Get that too. I'm not sure I want to learn what it's waiting for
Mike Sackton: At the same time, that seems valuable information to bring back
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh I smack my forehead, as I've just remembered something super important.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm reaching over and an open up a little wicker cage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that I can see the rabbit.
Timothy Sackton: Look Wallace says
Timothy Sackton: I'll do whatever you whatever your plan is but
Timothy Sackton: If, if, if we gotta run. Somebody's got to help me because I cannot move fast in this condition.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Schwartz: There's dead bodies in the tower. There's a dead dead body in the courtyard out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was dead in the tower in the keep brother, the pilot bodies. What were they
Animals and
Timothy Sackton: Never really investigated closely because it was like 30 FEET AWAY AND THE SEMI darkness, but
Timothy Sackton: Seems like mostly animals tab while being Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: The ritual has involved.
Eric Rosenbaum: In will sacrifices maybe
Mike Sackton: I would vote we watch it for another hour to see what happens.
Mike Sackton: There's any chance it seems like it's going to
Mike Sackton: Wait, and we
Mike Sackton: And we can make a more informed that we should be prepared to to drive it off, kill it attack it at any time. Right, let's not wait in a
Mike Sackton: Relaxed fashion but
Mike Sackton: If even if in an hour. It seems like
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: Not a, you know, it's, I don't want us going to sleep because I doubt this thing does but but if we get the sense it's it's
Mike Sackton: Yeah, ending its vigil. We can regroup and rest and attack it in the morning. If something seems it seems keyed up tense. A I'm something's gonna happen tonight we move in.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we help does seem to be its current state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far can you communicate telepathically with us.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's up to 120 feet, but you have to be in range of sight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just thinking of, well, the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will be stayed invisible and just watched for us while we rested here.
Mike Sackton: Can we, but we can see from the window out to the
Mike Sackton: There's got to be a place where we can see
Mike Sackton: Well, being well be can see it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, except that after a certain point, it will get dark and while we won't be able to see anything unless you guys later torch in the window.
Mike Sackton: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, or while be you could just, just stay in. Oh wait, cuz he starts and you can't see because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The night dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's getting dark. While be neither you nor while we have made.
For
Timothy Sackton: Only the dwarves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I must tell you want to go watch all the rest.
Mike Sackton: Out, can you can you communicate telepathically but that doesn't that doesn't help because
Timothy Sackton: He still couldn't see him.
Mike Sackton: Still can't see me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you can come back and tell us
True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or yell loudly and we'll run
Mike Sackton: I mean, how risky is it to just be visible mean was it. Is there a decent spot that's
Mike Sackton: I'd be happier sending somebody off and visible and resting again to get my spell slot back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, sorry, sorry. Just understanding it. Wait, so you're saying that because when will be in our sneaking over there. We were looking into that room or the demon guy and all the roles were that room had like purchasing stuff right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, right. So, so presumably one of us could go sneak back over there just like hang out outside and just like watch and then it should start getting wild again then that person could then sneak back over here and grab us. And then we go fine.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Somebody could certainly sneak back to where you were.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, so there was a spot like where you could watch through one of the like.
Timothy Sackton: Window. Does that mean Roman Europe in the darkness. The room is lit up. So it's hard to see you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect so well be. You want to do that. Just go. Go and scout and watch and then we'll, we'll wait and rest.
David Schwartz: Done.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so how long you're just gonna
Mike Sackton: For now, I think, an hour was the starting spot.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So over the course of an hour as the sun sets and full darkness takes hold, you can see
Timothy Sackton: It continue to sort of pace agitated.
Timothy Sackton: Intel
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: Half an hour after sunset roughly it
Timothy Sackton: walks to the door of the Temple of capital, where the large pile of debt creatures was
Timothy Sackton: Another way, it sort of smacks another one of these. He's like, No zombie creatures out of the way, which seemed to just be kind of following it around, almost like large versions of flies. It doesn't seem to be paying that much attention and it grabs two
Timothy Sackton: dead carcasses of antelopes
Timothy Sackton: And it drags them into the center of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the room, actually. Now at this point, make us stuff check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 years invisible.
Now, as well.
Timothy Sackton: He's not invisible but 22 that's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: On it, so it drag them across and it sort of looks around a little bit, but doesn't notice you and then sort of puts his hand just kind of over the fire a little bit till its claws heat up and then like scratches this giant gash down the body of this antelope. And as it does
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The body begins to sort of black in and he's like sort of boils and little like bits of pus and things begin to grow on the body, then it just grabs this antelope and tosses that into the entry way I'm with a thought and then
Timothy Sackton: repeats this
Timothy Sackton: Like this is a slow process. Maybe 10 or 15 minutes for each and 12 was another one in tosses that with a thought and then goes back and starts to repeat this now.
Timothy Sackton: Another say half an hour passes with it, with each one of these and then it goes back and it grabs two more and
Timothy Sackton: drag them across and
Timothy Sackton: Father over the fire and begins to score this this other. This is a third antelope, and then a
Timothy Sackton: An XP begins to score them both in
Timothy Sackton: All dead carcasses and
Timothy Sackton: Continues to do this like basically throwing a pilot like scoring these characters carcass as well as claws, they begin to like turn
Timothy Sackton: Black and and you know
Timothy Sackton: Like puzzles and
Timothy Sackton: Things sprout on there. They're dead but spread on their flash and then it's throwing seems to be making a pile of these things in the entryway
Mike Sackton: In the entryway to make it harder to get in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is it going to make it will block the
Timothy Sackton: I know the entry. I mean, it's this is like a like a 15 foot wide.
Timothy Sackton: Like Hall right it's
Mike Sackton: Right, okay. And you guys
Timothy Sackton: Not a narrow door. It's like
Timothy Sackton: A big
Mike Sackton: Like the main doors of the key big
David Schwartz: Pick up and take somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: More like for somebody to pick up and take somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: How long do you want to keep watching.
David Schwartz: I want to go right back. Okay.
David Schwartz: So I'll relate everything that I said saw
David Schwartz: And just really emphasize the gross miss
David Schwartz: Reading
During
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Does this
Eric Rosenbaum: Ring any bells related to rituals that any of us have
Mike Sackton: Heard about, is this like anything. I mean, does this make any need anything to any of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are kind of is.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sure, if you're proficient in
Timothy Sackton: And our economy. Go ahead and roll.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Now with and Kenzo know you have not heard anything. This doesn't ring a bell. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A seeker, you're not. This isn't something you're familiar with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, this kind of whatever this is isn't like
Timothy Sackton: Like well known ritual of some kind that you've read about, but
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: The closest thing that you can think of that seems related
Timothy Sackton: Is that you have read of certain
Timothy Sackton: Rumors of demonic rituals, where the consumption of flash
Timothy Sackton: It's involved in some sort of trance.
Timothy Sackton: So, for example, people who, you know, like
Timothy Sackton: cultists are sort of, you know, crazy, demonic worshippers who want to become demons of the, the claim is that
Timothy Sackton: Consuming the flash of a demon will make you a demon.
David Schwartz: To feed the wild dogs free sample.
Hypothetical hypothetically that potentially could be related
To making models.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you want to kill it now.
David Schwartz: I'm ready to
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Seems like a non crazy idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll talk
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll talk taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Hill hide himself under the pile of bodies and make a little bracket funny noises and then run away, drawing the demons attention.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. We're gonna try something we can't just go in there and fight it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need a strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we blind, it can we definitely can we confuse it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can smash and with my stick
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That sounds like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Strategy subtle.
Approach.
David Schwartz: By shooting arrows into its body.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do that multiple times in a row.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then you're on to something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a good question that we can, if we can surprise it somehow. That'd be useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: To have a hurricane cloak. What does it
Eric Rosenbaum: It's resistant to fire barrel and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lightning and poisons. So is your ultra on magic useful against the delta
Force.
Mike Sackton: That's just raw energy
Mike Sackton: Absolutely none of those things.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: I think we just
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure that there's a
Mike Sackton: Mean, maybe we try and draw it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we have done Marie.
Mike Sackton: Oh, what
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm saying
David Schwartz: This is the horn that we don't know what it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it can be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Summon an army of undead skill. It's all done Mari warriors and even if it does, they'll be on our side, guys.
Mike Sackton: We could do is take away the bodies from the door and see if it comes after them.
David Schwartz: In the body.
Mike Sackton: Not necessarily. Right. Not if we're like,
Eric Rosenbaum: We go find an antelope kill it and disguise ourselves as a dead antelope lie down and doorway.
Mike Sackton: Have these are like full grown antelopes right
Mike Sackton: They're not like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I appreciate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I appreciate secret Eric's hierarchy here, but I think we might just have this without sticks with her.
Mike Sackton: So, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't it like much more powerful than anything we've ever fought
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is that not true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's about her. I mean, it's got a big hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not. It's just like a strong agility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no other way to be filled the three headed Hydra thing that they were talking about. You did. Right.
Mike Sackton: Now, no, no.
Timothy Sackton: never bought a three headed Hydra
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was the thing that we killed
Timothy Sackton: That was like Robert
Timothy Sackton: Roper
Timothy Sackton: I was like,
Timothy Sackton: The lactate that monster that looked like it had
Eric Rosenbaum: A little feet barely
Timothy Sackton: Barely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool okay remember there were like, I guess I thought they were heads, but I guess they were just, okay, maybe we're not as strong and I thought
David Schwartz: I'm all for I'm all for blowing the horn.
David Schwartz: Except that
David Schwartz: We just need to be prepared for anything else in the castle to come to us. Yeah. Tim is the gate that on this inner wall between presumably between the towers, just like a gate or something to this inner area is that closed.
Timothy Sackton: It is partially open like one of the, it's like double door like this one is a jar, but it's not fully open
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, good luck with the plan. I'll stay here.
Kate Sackton: Already got to stay here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
David Schwartz: I think we're close the doors.
David Schwartz: So that nothing else can get in and then head over to the key.
David Schwartz: And I think we're going to make sure work of it.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I think most only one or two of us will will die.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't know the Longhorn is actually a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like I feel like we're now getting we are we are getting a little tired.
Mike Sackton: But let's just let's move on. Let's go.
Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, are you gonna help
Timothy Sackton: I will come with you.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Certainly no fan of demons.
David Schwartz: Demons.
Timothy Sackton: Now have you
David Schwartz: Uh, no.
David Schwartz: But I also am not a fan.
Timothy Sackton: She likes size and, like, take a deep breath and stands up and you can tell. I mean, she's moving slowly. She's like, clearly hasn't slept in several days.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's do this.
Timothy Sackton: What's the plan.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna, we're gonna spread out and move across the field out of the lighter side of the door as stealthily as we can.
Mike Sackton: And then we're going to aim for some kind of distraction to try and get it to come out of the tower.
Mike Sackton: Rather than maybe that's bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Mike Sackton: We should either trying to ambush it as it comes out the door where we should try and hold a space so that it can't.
Mike Sackton: It can't attack, the more vulnerable members of our
Mike Sackton: Group, but
Eric Rosenbaum: One other points, it obviously draws some of its power from sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because
Eric Rosenbaum: You saw it. He did scales and then it had some magical effects that it would presumably not have had otherwise. So might be better to get it away from the fires.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Room that we were looking at, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many were there from heaven.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so there is the main there's the entrance to the chapel. There's the main hallway. And then there's like
Timothy Sackton: You could see like as he came around the corner, there's like
Timothy Sackton: Another
Timothy Sackton: Sort of room that's like a anti chamber or something or a kitchen or a pantry.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a there's a nother door there.
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The room that you're in right now. How many, how many lots of progress rather
Timothy Sackton: 3311 is
Timothy Sackton: The door to the chapel, where there's a giant pile of dead bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's there's really only one way interact with the other spot by the time bonfire.
Timothy Sackton: No, there's a second. Well, you're not sure exactly how it goes. But there's a
Timothy Sackton: So there's a
Here.
We just add it to the ok
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the courtyard is something like that. Here's the chapel.
Mike Sackton: I always see
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what I'm looking at here.
Mike Sackton: Is a red box in the top left.
Timothy Sackton: Here, the main entry way.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Here's the lake.
Timothy Sackton: Here's the window, you were looking and then there's like a another
Timothy Sackton: Another room here where there's a door in and there's another door like
Eric Rosenbaum: So do we know what's in that little room.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it seemed, I mean as well being, Kenzo scouted past it seemed to be empty. It's like if it was presumably at one point, like a kitchen or a pantry or like a serving area and up over this way.
Timothy Sackton: Up over this way. There's like a ruined sort of kitchen. So there's the path that goes between them.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So this was probably like, you know, the food would be cooked over in the kitchen and then brought in and this
Mike Sackton: Right, but three or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: But it was basically empty at this list, which
Timothy Sackton: There's a door here, but there's a pilot giant pile of bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Timothy Sackton: So are you heading over
Timothy Sackton: Oops.
Mike Sackton: That's just black
Timothy Sackton: Because you're tokenism.
Timothy Sackton: So are you heading over
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Schwartz: Okay, we're closing we're closing the door.
David Schwartz: Yes. Wait.
Mike Sackton: We're closing the gates.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then heading over
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let me make sure this is all correct
Timothy Sackton: You are you able to, is it like showing up. Now that you oh it's black because it's dark.
Mike Sackton: I can see like, oh, there we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, can. So who do I still need well be.
Timothy Sackton: And seeker. So you're all sort of coming over.
Don't know why it doesn't save my
And then let's throw whereas my goal.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're coming over this over here is the chapel. Here is the
Timothy Sackton: main entry way.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're all started sneaking around make everybody makes stuff Jack's
Eric Rosenbaum: Like here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Did you make a sound check
Kate Sackton: I get the only thing
I didn't see
There we go.
We have disadvantage.
Kate Sackton: Kinds of roles. Every time you
Mike Sackton: Know it's like a real
Timothy Sackton: Twice if it did it correctly. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you start to head over
Timothy Sackton: Where are you all sort of positioning yourselves.
Mike Sackton: Is this the entrance. Yes. So that's where the bodies are piled up
Timothy Sackton: There are starting to accumulate here. It's already kind of strewn with rubble. So this doesn't make it any particularly more difficult terrain.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is about were dealt with. And do we know what it is. So for here.
Mike Sackton: That's another way in
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's another way
Mike Sackton: You go into back
Kate Sackton: Down. But let's go in one way or the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Not a bad idea.
Timothy Sackton: Let's make a plan.
David Schwartz: I'm going through the store. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't see anything.
Kate Sackton: Either by the bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go back where
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I had your vision turned off. Now can you see
Timothy Sackton: It's why I can't hear you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you shouldn't be able to see much because it's not like 9pm its pitch black out except for that.
Timothy Sackton: Fire
Walls.
The inside is let
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see well be.
Mike Sackton: So we have one group going in the back and one group going in the front. You went to the back group at the front group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess because I'm going to probably get a bus to smack on with my staff, so I should be in a group that is going to get close to them.
Kate Sackton: We're all trying to get
Mike Sackton: I think I think everybody is going to get close.
Eric Rosenbaum: To me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah okay this is fine. You can just leave rosewood and I to be by ourselves.
Mike Sackton: We don't need
I'm here.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does, why are there two of these, these two things.
Mike Sackton: I don't see what your point to get
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aren't there to my Velociraptor looking things
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, those are the undead know the three undead know creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do this.
Mike Sackton: I couldn't see them because I was all right. Shall we, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so Tao at
Timothy Sackton: Nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Um, as you begin to approach. Let's see what's
Timothy Sackton: Next so who've old above us 60
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, this down first out
Mike Sackton: Oh, I did.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the
Timothy Sackton: Dow where
Eric Rosenbaum: I did and seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So you you
Timothy Sackton: Will be our secret you
Timothy Sackton: Are
Timothy Sackton: You surprised that so you three can act before anybody else. I'm going to skip down to, so wait while be, what did you Roll for initiative.
Mike Sackton: He's in as a zero.
Mike Sackton: He's below me as a zero.
Timothy Sackton: I see that. Let me
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if there's a way to edit.
Mike Sackton: Just click on it, you should be able to edit it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'm trying to use the end beyond
Timothy Sackton: But it's fine, we'll go. This will use this one.
Timothy Sackton: So what did I say raise when
Mike Sackton: It dealt with well being seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Down with while being seeker. Okay. So while the first
David Schwartz: Drive advantage because of the price.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you are hidden
David Schwartz: Awesome.
David Schwartz: And I'm going to shoot it with no bow. Here goes.
David Schwartz: There's one and
Timothy Sackton: There's two hat hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He like hit points against her. Has it gotten stronger since the last thought
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Hey, I mean that's, you have to use an action to do your soul, same thing.
Mike Sackton: Don't waste traction on that.
David Schwartz: A
David Schwartz: Pic the damage from that third one, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so while these arrow Pierce's it
Timothy Sackton: whirls around
Timothy Sackton: prized and like hisses
David Schwartz: I'm gonna I'm gonna move and attempt to hide here.
Timothy Sackton: That is like directly and it's line of sight.
David Schwartz: I'm in that case, I'm going to step back out of the doorway and hide.
David Schwartz: In the darkness outside
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's the probably need to go like around the corner to be not and it's direct that's also directly in his line of sight.
David Schwartz: But it's
Mike Sackton: Just go diagonally down one right you can
Timothy Sackton: See I go
Timothy Sackton: Around share
Timothy Sackton: Sir, move right there. You could hide. Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: faker oh
Eric Rosenbaum: Similarly, pop my head in. Oh, now I can see it. It's the thing with the two horns. Huh. I will
Eric Rosenbaum: Use my crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll be there. Oh strikes true but seekers arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Bounces
Timothy Sackton: Just off of it. Stick hide.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now,
Around the corner.
Mike Sackton: 23461345
Mike Sackton: What are these things.
Timothy Sackton: Those are like zombie knows
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's
Timothy Sackton: The thing that Kenzo killed
Eric Rosenbaum: With his bare hands.
Timothy Sackton: With his bare hands.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: Stop.
Mike Sackton: Here.
Mike Sackton: Well,
Mike Sackton: Let's stop here.
Mike Sackton: And I'm going to hacks.
Mike Sackton: That creature
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The bad the big bad guy.
Mike Sackton: Exit. And then I'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: That message. Oh, who are you out just the creature that demon
The deep that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So it's now it's turned its gonna stop and
Mike Sackton: It has disadvantage on
Mike Sackton: Wisdom because
Timothy Sackton: Wisdom ability checks.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it's gonna look around, see.
Timothy Sackton: You down with and just kind of
Timothy Sackton: stare at you.
Timothy Sackton: Piercing it's black gaze.
Timothy Sackton: And you need to make a constitution saving throw
Mike Sackton: That's not a good saving throw
Mike Sackton: Up some okay
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, wow.
Timothy Sackton: And it has that sort of
Timothy Sackton: stares at you with its with its black gains you kind of shake it off. Avoid meeting its eyes and nothing happens. But all of you here this sort of
Timothy Sackton: How in your
Timothy Sackton: In your head like telepathically
Timothy Sackton: Just a
Timothy Sackton: String of curses in some
Timothy Sackton: foul language and then
Timothy Sackton: It leaps.
Timothy Sackton: To Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: And swings at you with this Bard's Tale.
Timothy Sackton: What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: Which
Timothy Sackton: clangs off your shield and then takes a swipe at you with this clause.
Timothy Sackton: Which also deflects on your armor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To protect three times.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, one
Timothy Sackton: Two.
Now she will just move
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, bullet takes a step into the door and then she's not holding any weapons or anything.
Timothy Sackton: And she like sort of reaches
Timothy Sackton: Sort of towards her side, and in her and goes like a throwing motion in her hand this I'm sort of shimmering blade shimmering dagger appears that then flies towards this know
Timothy Sackton: Which hits it.
Timothy Sackton: And then with her other hand
Timothy Sackton: Is actually she know she's not gonna make a second attack. She is now going to attempt to hide, even though she is exhausted.
Timothy Sackton: Disadvantage
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And she kind of tries to duck out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: hides the best she can
Timothy Sackton: That will end her turn
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so now the one she hit
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: That's fine. We'll move
Timothy Sackton: Sex to there.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Dash out
Timothy Sackton: From the doorway.
Timothy Sackton: To their
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny to be like just outside the building. So I can't see what's going on.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There and attack.
Timothy Sackton: Down with
Timothy Sackton: Making leaping at you with its bite.
Timothy Sackton: Which hits for five points piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And then just like bludgeoning you with its arm which methods.
Timothy Sackton: And then the third one is going to go one
That
Timothy Sackton: Does not see well be.
Timothy Sackton: So well
Timothy Sackton: Gosh dash tour.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, it'll just it'll just sort of
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it'll just dash towards
Timothy Sackton: What it cannot quite attack on this term.
David Schwartz: You use my reaction to move away from it.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do that as well.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's a special
Timothy Sackton: But you won't be stealth
David Schwartz: What if I don't move. Will I be stuff like can I use. I guess I could use a short sword.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'd say, you're like, you're like sort of pressed up in the shadows against
David Schwartz: The
Timothy Sackton: Wall right now so
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't seen
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I booked by 18 and 17 oh
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but
Mike Sackton: We got we some of us guys surprise friends.
Timothy Sackton: The people who wrote down a surprise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What, why did the monsters all got crazy high initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Monsters all got really high initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only one left or the right.
Mike Sackton: You can fit on either side. I think you could
Timothy Sackton: Fit on either side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I must
Mike Sackton: Okay, this space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to go over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I'm going to attack this guy.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to
30 foot range. That's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually notify quality scores.
By five Peter 25
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was back over here, I will. I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I use my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Power
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that later power and block.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a
Timothy Sackton: What saving throws that just click the button. So it shows up in the role 20 chat.
Mike Sackton: Wait, you're not moving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blast it,
Mike Sackton: I could use some help to not be the only one in the front line.
Timothy Sackton: It makes it saving throw
And
Timothy Sackton: So it takes half damage and is not
Timothy Sackton: Not pulled
Timothy Sackton: So as your fifth your lots of energy shoots out
Timothy Sackton: It hits that you're like fist hits it, and normally you would like grab something and smash them with your fist and it just stands there sort of chuckling
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: Your, your
Timothy Sackton: Attack is less effectual
Timothy Sackton: So do you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your that's your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Move on. Move over, and I'll put out our
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Going to
Kate Sackton: Swing at it with that shadow started with us might
Kate Sackton: Drive this chatter certain person, then this think
Timothy Sackton: This might just have to smile and then it lasts as long as you mean came concentration until you hit
Timothy Sackton: This myth of bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim supposing one had a magical super destructive hammer
Eric Rosenbaum: Like she does. Yeah. Is there any part of this building that she could sort of like cause to collapse.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a vulnerable structural column say
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's not in particularly bad shape. So, you know, if you had a lot of time where nobody was distracting you. Yes, you could probably bring it down, but there's not like a I mean it's solid, like, three foot thick stone construction. It's a keep
David Schwartz: Huh oh designed to resist being hit by things
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so make an attack.
Kate Sackton: Attack. That's what I was asking. Yeah. Auto Task
Timothy Sackton: So that Mrs. So your smile is still active. But if, if you take damage. You have to make a constitution save
Timothy Sackton: For concentration
Timothy Sackton: Right, but your hammer strike. Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be Europe.
David Schwartz: Awesome. I am still hitting so I have a sneak attack with advantage on the knoll standing next to me.
Yep.
David Schwartz: Awesome. For the first time in this entire campaign. I am unsheathing my short sword.
David Schwartz: Attempts
David Schwartz: In a single smooth motion to
David Schwartz: unseat it and then without stopping just directly
Mike Sackton: Flashing into this thing.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
David Schwartz: And
David Schwartz: 17 all together.
David Schwartz: Right well
Mike Sackton: You if you click on the short start icon.
Mike Sackton: All Damn it, roll your damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see this 117 points of damage. So as you as you just appear out of nowhere and swing with your sword. The no zombie creature in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: falls to the ground and as the does
Timothy Sackton: This one, like, get this burst of
Timothy Sackton: vengeful energy as it uses a reaction to take a bite out of vogue.
Timothy Sackton: Which has
Not very much damage.
Timothy Sackton: And she sort of leap, you know,
Timothy Sackton: yelps and pain.
Timothy Sackton: Secret Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me. I'll just
David Schwartz: Want to just use my bonus action move back to get more visibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'm gonna
David Schwartz: Actually
David Schwartz: I have to feed the dog. So I'm still listening.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna shoot that that know near has to us with the crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that hits
Timothy Sackton: As your arrow.
Timothy Sackton: So right, this was the one that bullet damage before so
Timothy Sackton: As your arrow strikes into it. It staggers back again and sort of
Timothy Sackton: But seems kind of unaffected by
Timothy Sackton: By pain in general.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up
Eric Rosenbaum: A run back or will be is and think
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm doing the other one.
Mike Sackton: I'm first I'm gonna I'm gonna point at the demon thing. And I'm good at and I'm going to
Mike Sackton: Basically mutter at it curse it to go back to whichever whatever
Mike Sackton: Hellish point. It came from and
Mike Sackton: Exploit curse it
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then I will attack it with my shadows.
Mike Sackton: Fine.
Mike Sackton: Print
Mike Sackton: Oh yes, create on a 19 because of the exploits cares
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Plus two so 16 total damage.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that doesn't include that doesn't include your hacks.
Mike Sackton: Know, correct. I need to roll. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So 16 1717 okay um
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you do that, it
Timothy Sackton: Sort of looks at you again.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's. That's the end of your turn right. That is your
Mike Sackton: Bonus. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, not gonna move
Timothy Sackton: It looks at you, again, and it
Timothy Sackton: Sort of takes a takes a second look at all of you already um
Timothy Sackton: And it will then say, I'm in common enough
Timothy Sackton: And cast
Timothy Sackton: So I need Kenzo dealt with and resume to make Wisdom saving
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK. So, whoops. That was insane.
Kate Sackton: I know, I know I wisdom thing.
Mike Sackton: Is the Wisdom save. It's in the little box in the top
Kate Sackton: Right, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. You're all wise.
Timothy Sackton: Um it like sort of so as as this like or a sort of coalesce around that.
Timothy Sackton: You all just kind of shake it off and nothing happens and it
Timothy Sackton: Looks at you all like in sort of anger and frustration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see. Viola is going to try and kill this know
Timothy Sackton: And she hits
Timothy Sackton: So again, use all three of you nearby see again. She doesn't draw a weapon, she just kind of weights or hand and goes around to strike and as she moves her fist towards the creature like this, shimmering blade appears in her hand and just smashes into this know
Timothy Sackton: And it
Timothy Sackton: Is dead.
Timothy Sackton: Now the last one is going to
Timothy Sackton: Is going to make
Timothy Sackton: A bite attack against yeah with which will mess and a second again clubbing you
Timothy Sackton: Which also Mrs ruling terribly
Timothy Sackton: Ok cancel your up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright mash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mash the reporters.
Know that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a fury or a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flurry blows.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's two more.
Timothy Sackton: Get that rolling. Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Won't do that again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is
Timothy Sackton: The second one, Mrs. So you swing you sort of off balance by the spell that you should coffin. Your first strike goes wild. But then as a dodging out of the way you get
Timothy Sackton: One really solid smack on
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So raise man.
Kate Sackton: Nice maybe school there.
Timothy Sackton: Mind is still there.
Kate Sackton: Right again.
Kate Sackton: wallop it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, wow, be
Timothy Sackton: Like just minus
David Schwartz: 2345
David Schwartz: So there's a move. I still don't see anybody so from my cutting action. I'm going to move again 1234 I still don't see anybody five
David Schwartz: I do. I have a line of sight up from where I am.
David Schwartz: A CO owner of the thing, but he
Timothy Sackton: Would have he would have partial cover, so plus to the AC.
David Schwartz: But it would also presumably
Timothy Sackton: Yeah it way as well.
David Schwartz: Um, okay. Uh, uh, I'm going to attack it. I'll shoot an arrow guy.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: That just hard to get a good beat of
Timothy Sackton: Game on this.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just follow well be in
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, actually, that was already 123 420 feet. How far can I even go
Eric Rosenbaum: So only one more time. Actually, I can get in the door.
Timothy Sackton: You can use an action to dash which would be all you could do on your turn.
Timothy Sackton: You move another five feet.
Timothy Sackton: All right, another five squares.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think, from here I can't actually see the bad guy, right.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess there's not much I can do. Oh, I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a little thank you note for that short sword action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Toss a little magical Gruen it spins around will be head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which as a reminder, the clinic inspiration thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's you enhance one of several rules right
Timothy Sackton: So that's a bonus action so you can still use your action to move. If you want to
Eric Rosenbaum: To move some more.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much more
Timothy Sackton: Five more squares.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open I already moved like five
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you can do it again.
Timothy Sackton: So that was you get a move a bonus action and and a action. So you used your move to move. Then you get your bonus action for inspiration. Then you have your still your main action left, which you can use to dash which gives you another moves basically
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I'll just
Eric Rosenbaum: Walk up behind will be sheets on fire in here. Wow. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Guys. So Joe
Mike Sackton: All right, I am attacking
Mike Sackton: The demon
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Mike Sackton: Was five so 16 716 total damage.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so now looking around.
Mike Sackton: Like, it's got to be whoa health
Timothy Sackton: Angry
Timothy Sackton: Particularly piston down
Timothy Sackton: And it's going to
Timothy Sackton: Swing it's BB talent.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to head.
Timothy Sackton: And you have to make a
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving throw
Mike Sackton: That's not good.
Timothy Sackton: So you take
Timothy Sackton: 16 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: I'm at zero hell.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: It was nice knowing everybody
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Your flesh begins to support
Timothy Sackton: The same sort of boils flies begin buzzing around you.
Timothy Sackton: And you are poisoned.
Mike Sackton: All a disease.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: It will look at
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And see how handsome RAM and then
Timothy Sackton: And swing. It's closet you. What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 16
Timothy Sackton: Which met
Timothy Sackton: And then it will
Timothy Sackton: Move to stand over the prone form of gala
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Turn to
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: stare at you like,
Timothy Sackton: And you need to make a constitution saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only uses a demon.
Timothy Sackton: And as as it as it is sort of for into your soul.
Timothy Sackton: You feel yourself weakening
Timothy Sackton: And all your attacks that you strength. Do you have damage which actually does nothing because your attacks during the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strength. Ah, you thought I was fun, but I have not
Timothy Sackton: Been punching a lot of thought that in Australia.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Hello. Oh, no, sorry. The no
Timothy Sackton: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: No is going to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Attack risk when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a whole other vital here and you cannot see.
Like yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can see you guys fighting right
Timothy Sackton: I got so Brisbane, you take five points and piercing damage from its bite.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Four points from its club from its arm bash and you need to make to constitution saving throws let's
Timothy Sackton: See if this mic guns away.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Um, I don't know how to change my house.
Mike Sackton: Just click on the little
Mike Sackton: House section and then
Timothy Sackton: If you just, there's like a thing that says he'll damage if you just type
Mike Sackton: A number and then say damage.
Timothy Sackton: Damage. It also
Kate Sackton: Oh, I was like I was trying to hit the damage. Nothing was happening. So you said five and then what
Timothy Sackton: Nine total five and then for
Kate Sackton: All right now.
Kate Sackton: Well, which kind of saving things
To constitution saving throws
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the smile does not fade. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Cool. And it is it is Kansans turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's fucking dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright followed up with the unarmed strikes.
Timothy Sackton: Dennis that also Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas when you're up.
Right.
Kate Sackton: The third time's a charm.
Mike Sackton: Does does somebody want to keep me from dying.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, to
Timothy Sackton: Attack. Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
Kate Sackton: I can't cast a spell as a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you give
Timothy Sackton: You can can kill killing word is a bonus action if you have it.
Kate Sackton: I only have
Kate Sackton: I only had your wounds.
Timothy Sackton: You might only have two
Timothy Sackton: Secret has healing word
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. If you don't have a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Spouse, then you're
Kate Sackton: You know, like, I mean, are there any effectively being completely dead and poisons and everything.
Mike Sackton: It's an action.
Timothy Sackton: Is somebody a person
Okay.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, then, I mean,
Kate Sackton: Nothing works when I do
Kate Sackton: This damn things hit me.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your turn. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be.
David Schwartz: Oh, right. So,
David Schwartz: I'm
David Schwartz: I'm gonna start by moving here so I can see what's going
David Schwartz: On. Is there any way I can hide.
Timothy Sackton: This interior of this room is pretty brightly lit from the all the fires that are burning. It's not really anywhere you could hide me
Timothy Sackton: I guess if you maybe if you were like, here are sort of a rat.
Timothy Sackton: Just
Timothy Sackton: Out of sight, you could hide, but
Timothy Sackton: But you weren't able to shoot. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There's no
Timothy Sackton: Well, oh, can really hide with Dolby in line and say,
David Schwartz: All stay here and
David Schwartz: Think about this for a minute.
David Schwartz: Oh, shoot. The demon
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You do get sneak attack as he is, but that messes.
David Schwartz: Backup
Timothy Sackton: This action.
David Schwartz: No, I'm good.
Timothy Sackton: Speaker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word. So I'm actually so so it seems like the action is over there to my left. So I'm going to like
Eric Rosenbaum: Pick up this doorway. Oh shit. Everybody's right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you guys all doing right
Timothy Sackton: There so
Timothy Sackton: Go with is prone and unconscious underneath the hopes of this demon
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Ok ok so i have
Eric Rosenbaum: All cast healing work. So I will
Eric Rosenbaum: Attempt to reach
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell with with my healing magic. Oh.
Hey,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay so down with gains five points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: There's nothing really. I can do as a bonus action I have all these like I have an elixir of health, the scroll of cure wounds. I have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Used the potion of action.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can do that.
Timothy Sackton: Or a bonus action. So you only use a bonus action so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I don't know which of my healing mode, the healing potion healing Elixir healing scroll is the best, you should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not them right into this role and then wrap it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All down
Mike Sackton: The elixir of houses the best right
Eric Rosenbaum: The cures any disease.
Eric Rosenbaum: Removes scroll most poison up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No buts, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to do that.
Mike Sackton: Now it doesn't heal damaged, but it removes poison.
Timothy Sackton: Poison
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if I think damage might help me more, but
Kate Sackton: I cannot be
Kate Sackton: I just
Kate Sackton: Like technical point I was afraid my soulmate would go away if I can spell I
Mike Sackton: Know, only if you
Mike Sackton: Know the spell that requires concentration little see next to it. You can't cast it as you can.
Mike Sackton: Okay, well, I'll take whatever I'm not picky about healing magic here.
Mike Sackton: If you want to use your elixir of house. That's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will, I will use it. So now do I click Remove on that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yes.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm on poison.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you're on poisoned and the like.
Timothy Sackton: Boils
Timothy Sackton: And like flies and and like rotting skin kind of begins to fade away.
Mike Sackton: So that seems positive
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Up for dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn. Sorry down with your
Eric Rosenbaum: Way we can. I can run away again. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can run away again accept the know will get the attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: But they're pretty weak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm running late.
Timothy Sackton: It swings and tries to bite you. But Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down with Europe.
Mike Sackton: Can I just stand up.
Timothy Sackton: You'd have to move before you can stand up because it's on topic you
Mike Sackton: If I move away like this, with this guy get an Attack of Opportunity or can be not really get at me because
Timothy Sackton: The. No, no. Just users reaction to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Know, just use this reaction to attack seeker.
Mike Sackton: And standing up is happier happier move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, would have been if you're on on top. You can you just like stab him in the groin with your, your magic sword.
Mike Sackton: Do. Yeah. Can I just attack him.
Mike Sackton: You could, although you get disadvantage or advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Tax if you're prone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay all right thing or that then
Timothy Sackton: You can roll away and then stand up.
Mike Sackton: Right, I'm just gonna do that I'll, I'll just, I mean I'd actually
Mike Sackton: I'm not thrilled standing right next to this guy because he's gonna be pissed at attack me again. And then I'm just gonna die again.
Mike Sackton: Five hit points is not a very large number of hit points.
Mike Sackton: You can always teleport. Oh, you want me to do. Haha. Forget standing up standing up is for, you know,
Mike Sackton: I will cast misty step.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a point with insight for up to 30 feet away.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And that's a bonus action. So you still have your action.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah. It is awesome. Alright, so I will teleport to right there and then I will blast this guy with an L just blast.
Mike Sackton: And then I can still move to awesome. Yep. So I'll just blast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wiser dial and all of a sudden, some fucking dad.
Timothy Sackton: Was really good for a while.
Timothy Sackton: To even out eventually.
Kate Sackton: And then I will read even out
Mike Sackton: I will move there.
Timothy Sackton: That just means you're gonna get a credit on your next attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So that ends Dallas turn. Tell me dealt with vanishes in a flash of smoke and then
Timothy Sackton: This black to force shoots out but just goes totally wide of the demon
Timothy Sackton: And now he is looking around clearly pretty wounded.
Timothy Sackton: His main prey has just vanished.
Timothy Sackton: And he's like, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Going to turn to.
Timothy Sackton: Turn to you can zone.
Timothy Sackton: And swing his Barb's towel.
Timothy Sackton: What's your I see
Timothy Sackton: As
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A MOM.
Timothy Sackton: So you take five points of damage. I need to make a constitution saving
Timothy Sackton: So as as tale strikes you you also feel
Timothy Sackton: That sort of points and course through your body
Timothy Sackton: You are poisons and like boils and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eyes. I got it.
Timothy Sackton: starts popping up around you.
Timothy Sackton: And it's now going to world and swinging
Timothy Sackton: its claws against you.
Timothy Sackton: With chat doing eight points of damage and then I will turn to read swim.
Timothy Sackton: And attempt. It's we can engage on you. So you need to make a constitution saving throw
Timothy Sackton: Which you make so nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Happens is poison.
Mike Sackton: Just market on your character sheet you if you click conditions you can mark yourself poisoned you have disadvantage on all of your roles.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Viola will now step out finally crawling her slow
Timothy Sackton: Exhausted pace.
Timothy Sackton: To actually she's gonna stay there. She's not gonna move. And again, this
Timothy Sackton: shimmering dagger appears in our hand and it flies towards
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Towards the beast towards the demon I'm heading.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Doing
Timothy Sackton: Quite a lot of damage and then she will
Timothy Sackton: Doc back here next hour and attempt to hide.
Timothy Sackton: So what was that
Timothy Sackton: So as this like shimmering dagger.
Timothy Sackton: strikes the demon is not really paying attention to our it
Timothy Sackton: Steps back again like
Timothy Sackton: Walking on his last legs as Kenzo leaps into this moment to
Timothy Sackton: Attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will write on a regular chat. Hold on, hold
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I thought,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Mike Sackton: bearable roles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Much better roles.
Timothy Sackton: But poison your you have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: On attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's
Mike Sackton: Roll Again your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Disadvantage packs for being poisoned. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: But you still had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh setup.
Timothy Sackton: And like limping
Timothy Sackton: As you turn around your quarter staff going wild as the poison is coursing through your body, you just turn and as your fist comes towards it.
Timothy Sackton: This like you can sort of feel this like shimmering for us. You're like grabbing the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of energy of the this sort of extra planner energy that infuses you and as you strike at
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you hear this crack
Timothy Sackton: It's horn splat, and then it stands there for a second.
Timothy Sackton: And vanishes.
And Apollo.
Three.
Timothy Sackton: Okay resin. Still, I know for you to kill
Kate Sackton: Yeah, well, if I can finish this thing with a hammer.
Mike Sackton: There you go.
Timothy Sackton: So click on the shatter storm. Yep. So 11 and then you still do your smile, which is
Timothy Sackton: What is it, Wendy six fire.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So going
Kate Sackton: Through this pain.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't matter what your role because it only has 12
Points.
Timothy Sackton: So as you swing your hammer. I'm finally getting a solid. Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Whole staggers whack and then as it burst into flames and its body starts crackling and sizzling it collapses on the ground dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: And as you look around, nothing left.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly
Timothy Sackton: Except for the sort of echoing
Timothy Sackton: Essence of the demon
Timothy Sackton: And the stench of the
Timothy Sackton: Rotting antelopes and Kansas diseased body.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody limps back over the battle over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, he's got the antidote.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My Flesh is rotting here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what can we do about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I used up my own way it looks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can heal poison.
David: Pushing a feeling well that
Mike Sackton: That doesn't heal poison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Away or do I just told
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know you've never been
Timothy Sackton: Cursed by I've
Timothy Sackton: Even tell before
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoo hoo.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of them so far.
Timothy Sackton: That was nasty.
Timothy Sackton: Do you think it was doing
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, maybe we should poke around for any
Eric Rosenbaum: Details, we can help us understand this understand this ritual.
Mike Sackton: We should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, what about the rotting flesh in the lives we want to help you out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bet a good night's sleep well up with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being funny.
Timothy Sackton: Car. I can't, I can't really hear you. Can you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on.
Long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, hear me, I really
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
It sounds like a now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could switch music maybe
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let's have something
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do
Mike Sackton: Well, what I mean.
Mike Sackton: What, why do we sit what's here. I mean, there's a bonfire.
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a bonfire burning on the steps. There's just flames kind of burning
Timothy Sackton: Nothing in the middle of the room, which seemed to be now sort of flickering a little bit, um,
Timothy Sackton: There's like some body there's like some animal skulls and like a pile of sort of this pile of bodies here.
Timothy Sackton: There's the stairs up blocked by this bonfire.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's now about five of these rotted antelope carcasses that are sort of festering and attracting flies in the in the hallway sort of here.
Mike Sackton: But the demon creature vanished. It didn't leave a body.
Timothy Sackton: Well it. Yeah, sort of like split open and like turn to ash and then like sort of blew away.
Timothy Sackton: It did not leave a body.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what was it that I remembered about
Eric Rosenbaum: dead animal based summoning rituals.
Timothy Sackton: Well, just that there were like stories of some like cultists are
Eric Rosenbaum: Consuming
Timothy Sackton: The body shaming animals to are consuming flash as a way to transform into demons.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there any sign that anybody was eating the dead animals.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: And but he was systematically sort of scratching them over it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and as he like scratch them they would sort of blow it up and black end and the fly as it start coming out of their mouths and
Timothy Sackton: And it's you know it's smells pretty awful right now like in this quarter or
Eric Rosenbaum: The fire is burning. Nothing. So it's not consuming and a fuel.
Timothy Sackton: This fire in the middle is not consuming any fuel all the other fires are are burning like
Timothy Sackton: Like wood or trash or, or, you know, bodies bits of refuse type of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a magical fire this one in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: This one in the middle seems to be some sort of magical fire. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Since we got rid of the demon. Should we get rid of the magical fire.
David: Teams proven
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should take a moment to just determine whether other Knowles are going to
Eric Rosenbaum: Enter or
Eric Rosenbaum: Who presumably made a bunch of noise.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was not quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should just stay on the alert.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Huh.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure we go up. I mean something. What's clearly happening here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Upstairs
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We put out this fire. I mean, presumably, yes. Right.
Timothy Sackton: How much water do you have with you.
David: Covered in dirt.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was gonna say
Timothy Sackton: Dirt covered in dirt.
Mike Sackton: Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, I can just mold earth some rebel on top of it.
Kate Sackton: 20 gallons of water on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: From create water.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it's a lot of ways out what
Timothy Sackton: That would certainly put it, put it out unless you don't want to spend the stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: That could do the boulders without using a spell slot.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I'll take you some time. Right, because you can dig up the dirt out here and then it's loose earth and you sort of got to carry it over here and dump it on the
Timothy Sackton: On the fire, but you know
Mike Sackton: Half an hour means can we just throw a couple of carcass. I mean,
Mike Sackton: We just put a few antelope carcasses on it some way it'll go out, or is it big enough that it would burn them instead
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's about 10 feet across.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if we want to put magically place into antelope practices on the magic fire.
Timothy Sackton: There was a bunch of non magically poisoned carcasses right in here, right in the inside of
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. It'll, it'll smell really good bro
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, whether whether you're dumping it with dirt or with carcasses, you know, in the next 10 minutes you sort of bank, the fire and it flickers and and
Timothy Sackton: He goes out.
And
Mike Sackton: While we're doing that. I mean there any signs of is there any actually all all face I
Think, where do you see I'm
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: What are we, what are we doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Starting trend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: I send you a message, Mike.
Timothy Sackton: So while you are pointing out the fire Dallas sort of concentrates for a few moments and goes into this trance and then starts looking around.
David: You know what Tim actually well everyone's searching. I'm going to go back outside and just look and see if there's other movement or sound or what's going on. Are there people at the gate like
Eric Rosenbaum: Us. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a perception check
Kate Sackton: The courtyard lit enough for
Kate Sackton: Each one of us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, sorry, with disadvantage because it's dark out
Timothy Sackton: You don't. You don't really see anything i mean it's it's now full night there is some flickering light from the fires, but as the main the biggest spire gets put out, it becomes harder to see.
Kate Sackton: And yeah, let's see. Okay, so that fires put out. I'll just go out with him and look around two, okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can make a perception check as well. Not with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: There's something about these antelope.
Mike Sackton: That's a bit magical
Eric Rosenbaum: But the the
Mike Sackton: The Cursed ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a magical curse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it just the same magical poisoning that affected you
Mike Sackton: Tim. It's not doesn't seem
Now,
Timothy Sackton: It's not. It's not. No, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: Rest. When you do. Um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, notice, well yeah nothing
Mike Sackton: Monster sneaking up on you, you do not see. Sorry.
Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Though
Eric Rosenbaum: Just wish we had
Eric Rosenbaum: More clues. Yeah, rotting flesh wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you guys know
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: He'll be. I'm not sure what to do about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your compassion is is remarkable secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well unfortunately we don't have any way to heal you right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it doesn't seem to be a progressive condition and deliver. It's not worsening over time as far as we can tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you know that you're not the one that lives in the rotting flesh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm having for
Timothy Sackton: The past like 10 minutes that you can see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It hasn't gotten worse.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Kate Sackton: You feel so bad, bad
Timothy Sackton: Your flashes still rotting and like little Pfizer landing and actually emerging out of your
Timothy Sackton: Open source but there hasn't been more flies.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's gross. It still was we should be a little more worried about, because if we get attacked by anything else he could go down and again
Mike Sackton: Well, I have several killing potions. If there's any signs of things. I think I could, uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's get
This to reveal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something I'm worried about where we're losing friendship points seeker by the moment
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You and I
Eric Rosenbaum: Wouldn't
Mike Sackton: Say I'm, I'm a little worried about the
Mike Sackton: The Cursed magical wound on Kansas.
Mike Sackton: Wherever it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you for your I appreciate your concern.
Mike Sackton: I'm just not sure what to do about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't think we have anything we can do about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you suggesting those leave me. Now this is the plan.
Mike Sackton: Sleep baby will help
David: Good. If you're still alive in the morning sleep was the right thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I definitely should never have joined this, this should not have left a
Kate Sackton: Man, can we find a safe place for her Kenzo to sleep in.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dungeon. I'm just kidding. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: He likes be underground just like me. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, sorry, Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, it looks
Eric Rosenbaum: That looks uncomfortable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we go up the stairs and see what's up there.
Mike Sackton: So, yeah.
David: You'll search through this stuff in this room right like
David: Champions and the
David: piles of corpses and things
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I will search the room.
Mike Sackton: Made site face I
Timothy Sackton: Make
Investigation
Mike Sackton: I'm actually good at that and some reason forgot I was good at that. Not that I wrote. Well, but
Um,
Timothy Sackton: And while be you're heading up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing well be.
David: Sorry, I was gonna look around the room first and then
David: How canisters
Timothy Sackton: Um, I mean, there's not that much defined right there are a few nobody's in the in the big pile here.
Timothy Sackton: This, this whole chapel area seems to have been
Timothy Sackton: You know blasted with fire, like it's in the windows are all shattered what perhaps once were nice stained glass. The altar has been destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Scattered around here are pretty much only, you know, various kinds of animal bones is a little pile of scholars in the corner that
Timothy Sackton: You know, includes Knowles and animals and it tends to be, you know, these are animals of the northern plains, right. So, so, but no few carnivores. Right. So it's like antelope, it's
Timothy Sackton: You know, some small mammals like
Timothy Sackton: ferrets. You know, a few acts beaks, which are you know opportunistic carnivores, but mostly not
Timothy Sackton: There are, you know, some like dissolves. There's some, you know, other kinds of like unless there's some horses.
Timothy Sackton: It's a, it's a mixed. There's probably you know in this pile and scattered around between the skulls and the bodies as probably like 30 animals piled up here.
Timothy Sackton: Of varying ages but but none. You know, so all that there is, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Completely rotted away right so
Timothy Sackton: It might be some better a week or two old but none that are three months old.
Timothy Sackton: But there's nothing else really to find
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David: Let's coasters.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
David: We can so
David: Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys have gone upstairs.
David: Oh, come outside
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now you guys have gone upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: And I'm messaging some things. Yeah, I see that I'm
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: Okay upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: So as you head upstairs to investigate also bowl. I just kind of
Timothy Sackton: Looks like she can barely stay on your feet and kind of slumps against the wall and just kind of rests for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the upstairs. The stairs here lead
Timothy Sackton: So as you put out the as the fire sort of goes out.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the smoke clears and the stairs here leads up to like a balcony that goes around the sort of top of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the great hall, sort of looking down
Timothy Sackton: And there's a handful of rooms sort of off the balcony like above the chapel.
Timothy Sackton: There's no room above the the kitchen sort of pantry area that's just the first floor building
David: I think we'll just check them out. Right.
David: After another
David: Investigate
Mike Sackton: Is everybody here except Kenzo
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: I said, Oh, let's see.
Mike Sackton: Can we see outside
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to just look out the window and see if Kansas out there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so the windows that you're the so there's like two small apartments here that are above the chapel that look like um
Timothy Sackton: You know, one sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like a study sort of meeting chamber type thing. And the second one is like a divided into a couple of small
Timothy Sackton: You know, serving rooms type things they have
Timothy Sackton: They have
Timothy Sackton: Windows that are looking out the wrong direction and then though room that's looking out
Timothy Sackton: Sort of above the entryway doesn't have any Windows, but there are stairs going up.
Timothy Sackton: And this area seems to be fairly
Timothy Sackton: That you know in this sort of
Timothy Sackton: Floor seems like it hasn't really been used much but there's clear signs of like when that you know sort of hobgoblin occupation, right. So this was this was
Mike Sackton: As a
Timothy Sackton: You know, part of the hobgoblin days.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: Turn to the rest of the group say, I'm gonna go check on Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Please do.
Mike Sackton: I'll go outside and see if I can find them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he's you see I'm sitting
Timothy Sackton: In meditation.
Timothy Sackton: bola sitting next to
Timothy Sackton: The earth, the ground is trembling slightly
Timothy Sackton: His eyes are piercing blue like diamonds
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: Is this similar that all that seems to be talking quietly like almost whisper.
Mike Sackton: To
Mike Sackton: cuz I'll sort of slowly walk towards them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Is bullet does Volvo seem to be talking to him.
Timothy Sackton: She's yeah talking to him quietly, but he doesn't seem to be responding
Mike Sackton: I mean I can I hear what she's saying.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Mike Sackton: Team.
Timothy Sackton: You here just sort of whispered quietly.
Timothy Sackton: And then a pause and no response.
Mike Sackton: Me. I'll walk closer in a way that is relatively me. I'm not trying to be stopped there anything. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Do you are you paying attention, Kenza, you look at that with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: Ball also seems to be kind of ignoring you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I'm not like ignoring that it's just like if you're not like saying, hey, Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just continuing to like meditate on the poison coursing through my body. So that is my primary big man I'm focusing on right now.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: all end up sort of a few feet away.
Mike Sackton: And I'll say, Oh, I'll ask quietly white get a sort of non
Mike Sackton: Sort of. You don't have to answer, but are you okay can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see me just kind of like like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do I do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I'm clearly I'm clearly like, you know, kind of in in in meditation, but but I sort of like just just kind of kind of give a nod.
Mike Sackton: Right, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Acknowledging you but also like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're clearly focused on trying to slow the course of the poison in my body.
Mike Sackton: Oh, hang out. Out here all have any cheese human right, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of all
Mike Sackton: All just sort of
Mike Sackton: Hanging out say I'll, I'll
Mike Sackton: I'll watch out here what you focus on
Mike Sackton: We focus on the poison Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And nods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In appreciation
Mike Sackton: Keep watch
Timothy Sackton: Are you the rest of you are searching the hobgoblin
Timothy Sackton: Ruins
Mike Sackton: Yep. Oh, Tim any magic. By the way, I do still have my major site up
I fail.
Mike Sackton: Poisons not magical
No.
Timothy Sackton: Investigation checks for those of you who are searching
Mike Sackton: Well, well.
Timothy Sackton: Lobby lobby did well I'm
Timothy Sackton: So, ah, well the wires are sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, distract I assume you have a torture, you're just globe or something. At this point, so you're not in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: While be
David: So you can
Timothy Sackton: I assume you have a torch.
David: Or something. Yeah. Drift gloves.
Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me check my notes here. Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know servants apartments area does not have much, but the the
Timothy Sackton: Place that was the sort of seemed like it was like maybe a council changer or
Timothy Sackton: Like the sort of study area. It's like bit you know it's sort of piles of rubble and stuff but underneath like sort of in a corner underneath some of the rubble. There's like a like a leather sort of like a satchel that you would find papers in
Timothy Sackton: Which is sort of buried under a corner of the of the stones.
David: What's in
Timothy Sackton: More of the same. These are like old like the pages are old and sort of crinkly delicate to handle. It's the same language that the the book you found earlier was that
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to be there seems to be numbers, maybe
Timothy Sackton: Occasional like sketches like almost like it's troop movements or some kind of
Timothy Sackton: Army
Timothy Sackton: Like you know strength.
Timothy Sackton: Like accounting of of different you know units and and things in the in the army, but you just kind of guessing you can't actually read anything there that says
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was probably from the hop couples.
Timothy Sackton: It's the same language.
Timothy Sackton: It's the same language as the thing that you inferred was hobgoblin from the log book that you found earlier.
David: About it being
David: Mostly have goblin turtle.
Timothy Sackton: And then there are stairs up again to a
Timothy Sackton: Third floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so on the on the third floor as you come up there is like a small court corridor.
Timothy Sackton: With one room that's kind of off the off the
Timothy Sackton: Quarter. And then at the end of the corner. It sort of opens up into a little
Timothy Sackton: Small hallway with three doors off of it. One, a set of double doors that the
Timothy Sackton: Balcony
Timothy Sackton: That sort of looking out over the courtyard on the roof and to also that lead to. So there's like three rooms, plus a balcony, you can explore
David: Will do.
Investigation checks.
Kate Sackton: Will get better at this.
Kate Sackton: We're not
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's smoky up here, it's dark, even with the Jeph Loeb
Timothy Sackton: There's, you know, there's a lot of, of, you know, a few pieces the roof have fallen in from appear and so
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's, there's more rubble. There's more sort of dirt clearly that the second floor was in the best shape really have any floor of this building right um
Timothy Sackton: You know, because there's holes in the roof, there's been more weathering here and it's hard to find much. I mean, you can see definitely more signs of hobgoblin occupation, but nothing that is
Timothy Sackton: You know, sort of obvious or worth worth collecting
David: Is that the top first.
Timothy Sackton: That's the top floor.
Kate Sackton: back downstairs. No, we're gonna go down.
David: There's no
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's nowhere to go but down
David: Is that there's not a lower level.
Timothy Sackton: There's no basement now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there another whole structure here next to the keep
Eric Rosenbaum: A little
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's like the kitchens, but they are
Timothy Sackton: There's no roof left on the kitchens. No, it's basically just a just a wall.
Timothy Sackton: And then, of course, that's, that's what's in the inner courtyard. There's a lot on that on the outer courtyard.
Kate Sackton: We want to rest. But we still don't know what's going on. I mean other than like demon guy slashing things with poisonous fly us
Kate Sackton: So,
Kate Sackton: Should we, I mean there. Do we think there's more Knowles guarding the rest of the animals or
Eric Rosenbaum: There must be more noise around is too.
David: Few
Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we met at least one orc. Didn't we
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We don't know if there any more of those.
Kate Sackton: Guys right up there where
Eric Rosenbaum: We should, we should probably just get out of sight somewhere.
Kate Sackton: Can we get back to our SD tower.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I could go
Timothy Sackton: In our courtyard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we could go all the way down into the tunnels.
Mike Sackton: Mean we should rest right
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'll probably be hunting for as well. So we'll have to have a watch, but
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, multiple people are injured pretty badly.
David: rest till morning
David: Keep watch
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So, ah,
Timothy Sackton: I'm so Kenzo and bull are just still sitting next to each other. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Down with a sort of watching them.
David: Good.
Kate Sackton: Think it's worth waking up this meditation party and making it asleep party.
Kate Sackton: We
Kate Sackton: go someplace else.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to get somewhere safe for them outside the keep hearing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do we gotta go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think back up to the third floor.
David: Or on into the tunnels.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think back up in the tower.
David: I like that. Yes, we can keep an eye to what's going on.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well here any commotion from up here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we get back up in the tower and secure ourselves there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who would like to take a watch.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you all had back to the domain that sort of tower where you originally were resting in
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Kate Sackton: There any sign that anything has changed.
Timothy Sackton: As you so as you come up there. There is
Timothy Sackton: So you shut the gates and there are quite solid
Timothy Sackton: But there do seem to be some
Timothy Sackton: So it's dark and there's sort of mists and and fog kind of
Timothy Sackton: bellowing up but you know something was trying to with presumably supposed to come in and there's a
Timothy Sackton: three nodes that are kind of
Timothy Sackton: resting against the gates.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looking at each other and one of them like gets up and bangs on the gate, and then they kind of shrug their shoulders and walk off.
David: Morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sensible
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Asleep.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, I'm I'm wasn't, it wasn't the thread a little bit here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so let's do this. It's midnight. It's getting a bit late, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Rasta rest and then maybe well
Timothy Sackton: We'll call it but
We'll see how resting guys
Timothy Sackton: Um, okay. So who's watching
David: Let's take the first
Timothy Sackton: Guy.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see bola is just gonna as she sort of slowly them stop. She says, I got asleep. It's
Tough to steer I'm collapsing.
Timothy Sackton: Hope you don't mind.
Timothy Sackton: I'm and
Timothy Sackton: I need everybody who is sleeping to make wisdom savings.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and cancer. You need to make a constitution saving term as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I'm not playing anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David: Our strategy of, see if you died.
Mike Sackton: Work it seems to have worked. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Let's
Timothy Sackton: See. Wow, did you make a Wisdom saving
David: Well, I didn't mention
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: Raise when you do your take your watch and sleep and both you and
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Viola sleep and are troubled maybe by vague.
Timothy Sackton: Dreams hard to remember
Timothy Sackton: But I'm
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: As you wake well rested, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Nothing you you sort of can only bit barely remember the sort of nightmares of the evening.
Mike Sackton: So does the fact that I'm not sleeping make any difference.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: No cuz he's still dream.
Mike Sackton: You
Mike Sackton: Let's see, wow.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and do it. Okay, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and down with you I'm find yourself wracked by vivid nightmares. You see animals.
Timothy Sackton: chasing you, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Their forms shifting and growing.
Timothy Sackton: And your sleep is disturbed by this you
Timothy Sackton: Regain
Timothy Sackton: Hit dice hit points are sorry I hit Dyson spouse lots and everything else but no point
Kate Sackton: Of what
Timothy Sackton: I'm this doesn't apply to you, you're fine.
Mike Sackton: So I'm you.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna argue that that at least by the rules, the fact that I that you don't need. I don't need to sleep and
Mike Sackton: Don't actually even need to dream and was I want to
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you have some advantage.
Mike Sackton: Things like that comes up so rarely
Mike Sackton: That didn't help me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened. Can I get some you're saying i do i get points or do I not getting points.
Timothy Sackton: You do usually not get hit points, um,
Timothy Sackton: Well be
Timothy Sackton: Same to you, except I'm also sending you a nother message.
Timothy Sackton: Whoops, that didn't quite come through. Hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sure I have a I'm sure I have a peacefulness rest as
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like everyone else.
Timothy Sackton: And you
Timothy Sackton: Speaker
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you
Timothy Sackton: Gain one level of exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: And also recover know hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Personally other long rest to fix.
Timothy Sackton: Everything out spouse lots
Timothy Sackton: All that comes back normal
Eric Rosenbaum: But here again no hip points. Okay, I already did the longer so after like now.
Timothy Sackton: Subtracting were here last weekend did. Were you
Eric Rosenbaum: I was at 20 I think because I did hit days before. Um, and then, sorry, it was a thing exhaustion and I do that.
Timothy Sackton: It's under conditions.
Timothy Sackton: super slow for me right now if you go to, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, exhaustion level two.
Timothy Sackton: Level one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Level one.
Timothy Sackton: And viola recovers one level of exhaustion.
And she gets her
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you wake up in the morning. This is what will stop.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you guys want to discuss before we end fallout like looks around shakes her head.
Timothy Sackton: Rob's your eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Finally, a good night's sleep for once.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I had a terrible dream.
Big
Eric Rosenbaum: Giant nor
Eric Rosenbaum: With a flail a three headed flail
Eric Rosenbaum: And pack signals behind it, animals, turning into knows to
Timothy Sackton: Told you. This is a fucking bad place to sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, today's the day we get out of here, I think. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I would like to
Timothy Sackton: Kill the demon what's left to do.
David: Well, the other Knowles kill the flying demon thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe a rescue all those pinned at the animals.
Kate Sackton: And the animals make it harder for them to keep doing
Mike Sackton: Yeah, something like that.
David: And then we need to look at the stream and see if we can figure out the source of the corruption and
Mike Sackton: Why was the demon here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little demon doing
Eric Rosenbaum: Demon was doing some kind of ritual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let you guys discover I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you keep
David: A bullet goblin
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: Now, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Not a language specialist
David: Well I found another
David: Goblin diary journal more notes.
Mike Sackton: To me, and we get a webmail up
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Um,
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking maybe I would take the
Mike Sackton: Because one of the things I could do it at Level up has changed way.
Mike Sackton: By
Timothy Sackton: Powers invocations right
Mike Sackton: I might take this stupid. He can read any language one seems to come up so often.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who
Timothy Sackton: Yeah y'all, you know,
Timothy Sackton: I think you'll almost for sure. Level Up next session.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, definitely. Next session or maybe we'll do it in between sessions.
Timothy Sackton: So do you want to. Should we stop their
Kate Sackton: Their laundry list of things to do before we
Timothy Sackton: I mean we're not gonna it's 2015 so if you want to have conversation that's have as much conversation as you want. But I think we're not going to do any more like
Timothy Sackton: You know it venturing outside of the room.
Let's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead, while be
David: Was just to say
David: That on a meta game level. This is like the to do list for next time just to sort of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Recap exactly
David: An end game level.
David: Will be a say well as much as I want to get out of here. I think we still have some unfinished business.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
David: Kill the noles free the animals.
David: Yes, kill that demon thing. If we can
David: Investigate the river.
David: Yeah, that little flying back
Mike Sackton: Thing and and find out why this demon was here.
Mike Sackton: Right, if we can
Mike Sackton: It's
Not
Mike Sackton: Normal to have a demon with magically cursed claws sacrificing animals and piling them up in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doorway. Well, I told you.
David: My experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's tethered to the other dimension somehow that the the other place where all these. These fucking things are coming from. It's, it's definitely it's already tethered there somehow is link in there. So, however, it ended up here if they traveled here if it was conjured here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's still has a connection to that place, wherever that places. And as much as I hate caves and as much as I hate that demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hate wherever the hell that demon came from worse. And I have the most fucked up intuition that we're going to end up wherever that place is before this is all said and done,
Eric Rosenbaum: In the abyss.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh dear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And add to the list will be whatever the fuck that 10 man is on and if you wanted to go look at that. Yeah, definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ones that reason.
Kate Sackton: That the site on the trip home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David: That's something to look forward to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God, I want to get out of this place.
David: Oh, and
David: Burn the twisted vines burn the animal bodies.
David: Burn everything if we can
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder how all the Koreans are doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise,
Eric Rosenbaum: People of America.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the in the mistakes. We've got to get back there at some point.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it's only been, you know,
Timothy Sackton: You all you've been gone less than a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're ahead of schedule.
David: It's only 24 hours since we talked with the centers, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah yeah
David: So they should get to care what day tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Today or tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I've got all these questions in my little notebook. We've really made only the most marginal of progress on any of them, to be honest. But I got to dust mother. There's got to be clues about
Eric Rosenbaum: who she is and what
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was this demon trying to seminar or was it
Eric Rosenbaum: What was this ritual about
Kate Sackton: I kind of think she was. She had it as like a army making factory station here and it had finished its chore of making her an army before they could all leave
David: And this makes me thought
David: There's
David: It seems like
David: They sent the creatures of as soon as they were made. I mean, the groups. We saw or groups of a half a dozen you know they were small right it
David: wasn't an army.
David: So much as just
David: harassing skirmishing sorties right
David: I wonder if it was
David: In part, to keep people away from this direction.
David: I mean, I wonder if the animals were less about
David: Destruction as much as it is.
David: keeping people
David: Making a perimeter, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: What's this next phase about it looks like there is a there's a huge
Eric Rosenbaum: Number of the creatures that they're accumulating now.
Eric Rosenbaum: That they were going to turn into maybe a larger coordinated attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, how is how are the noles made
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I don't know for sure, but
Timothy Sackton: It seems like they are some sort of demonic energy infused into animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or from so but but from where is this is this is the demon creature or they're the ones animating it, how are they getting animated
Eric Rosenbaum: In my dream animals returning into knows it could be that the ritual was the demon turning animals into Knowles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would make sense.
Timothy Sackton: Um, when you say that follow kind of leans forward have been bringing an awful fucking lot of animals into this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're like trying to ramp up their tourism prisons point
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But his
Eric Rosenbaum: Production of an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it is, but who's food. How do they do it. What's the process we that's something we need to understand
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, first you extend your class.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you hold them over the fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you
Eric Rosenbaum: Cut into an antelope, and then you stack them up and then there's some step after that we don't know because we killed the guy.
Timothy Sackton: Lucky if this demon was responsible somehow
Timothy Sackton: That's good right
Timothy Sackton: I can't make any more of those damn things
Eric Rosenbaum: We've halted the process for now, I'm guessing that that demon
Eric Rosenbaum: There's more of those guys where he came from probably right. Yeah, no.
David: It's
David: It's really too bad we shouldn't just watch what he was doing for a while longer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man Nice.
Mike Sackton: I seem to recall somebody suggesting that it was too late, and we had to kill it right now.
David: There seemed a certain sense of urgency at the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could have all had a good night's sleep and woken up to see
Mike Sackton: Hundred nodes risen from the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: No one. No one will ever know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Good thing there's no mind players around at least
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we can ask the remaining knows on base before we tell them
Mike Sackton: Where they can. Where were they born. Do you know your parents.
Kate Sackton: Know Were you expecting 100 friends today was your job to knock on the gate.
Kate Sackton: Do X. What was your job. Why we knocking on the gate last night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most interesting to talk to the animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: And see if they know where they came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like who's gathering them up and how
Kate Sackton: They speak comment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can
Eric Rosenbaum: Magically speak to them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I would dearly love to know what those
creatures have seen and heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we do that before because you go
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let me have breakfast first
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe I can bring a little snack over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you eating taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: tasters always also having breakfast.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll put a star on my shoulder on the way over.
David: Because if we go out that gate. It's not just in what's on the other side. It's Knowles to. I mean, we need to when we go out, we need to be ready for a fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we could we could do it instead of
Kate Sackton: Invisible don't talk to animals bow the nose don't notice
Eric Rosenbaum: You point critical floggings plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if I bring taster tasters not invisible but I am so he appears to fly briefly but but no notice because it's small.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and then when I talk to the animals, they'll think tasters talking to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Them in our
David: Team is that little bit demon thing anywhere to be seen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not from inside the tower. I mean, you can't see it down into the windows, but you don't have a great I mean the windows are not big wide sort of picture windows right there slits in the walls.
David: Follow what
David: What were you doing in that fight that the the Savvy things
David: Don't seem to ever
Timothy Sackton: He brings her hand on this like shimmering blade dagger appears
Well,
Timothy Sackton: All of us have our tricks.
Kate Sackton: And we thought they'd taken your weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little did they know
Timothy Sackton: Only I have a better opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so we don't see a good way for for me to go talk to some animals.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're gonna have to fight some goals in order to talk this man.
Kate Sackton: Knows, and then talk to most
Kate Sackton: 72 nodes. That's what I was asking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Me. Are we so powerful that we can just assume that we're going to kill them. Tim, do you actually want us to fight the nodes, in which case we'll do that next time.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should. I think we should fight the nose. Next time, because it could get complicated depending on what happens
Eric Rosenbaum: How foolishly we decided to do
David: We kill them well and quickly for 30
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Alright. That sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David: Yeah, I can keep asking more hypothetical questions, but we can save that for next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We
Mike Sackton: Don't like
Mike Sackton: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just guessing we should schedule, but go ahead. Mike.
Mike Sackton: Don't we have, I was gonna say it feels like a good recap for next time to start with the questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we have we have something scheduled
Timothy Sackton: So we had talked about. I had ah
Timothy Sackton: That's November 6 and last, the world is falling apart.
David: I had the 13th 13th, for sure. And the six pending moral falling apart.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if I could do tonight, two weeks, two weeks in a row. I mean, I could do the sixth instead of the 13th, but I don't think I can do both.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's also the Kazoo punk on the sixth idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David: That's even less likely for me actually just because that that's a lot more
David: Punk on the 30th or d&d on the 30th, for that matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I cannot
Mike Sackton: Oh, you mean like next next week.
Mike Sackton: I can't really do two weekends in a row. That's too tough and data.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do this stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For either either end or
Timothy Sackton: Can you do the 13th Kong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do the 613
Timothy Sackton: Why don't we. Let's do this. Can we do tentatively D amp D on the sex.
Timothy Sackton: And if we if the world's falling apart. And we're all like out protesting instead of D amp D. Then we'll push it to the 13th.
Timothy Sackton: And if the world not falling apart, then we can do because the little punk on the 13th.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
David: Perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, man. What, like, Okay, so the next time we see each other on the sixth let's let's take a little let's take a little wager. Do you think we're going to